This agreement shall begin upon the date of its execution by Party and acceptance in writing by Company and shall remain in effect until the end of the current calendar year and shall be automatically renewed for successive one (1) year periods unless otherwise terminated according to the cancellation or termination provisions contained in paragraph 18 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall terminate on June 30, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement commences as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to any express provision of this Agreement, shall continue until five (5) years following the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b) [Term and Termination].
The term of this Agreement shall be effective as of the date first stated above and shall continue for a term of three (3) years, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement (the "Term"); provided, however, that Party may elect to terminate this Agreement, upon thirty (30) days' written notice, at any time from and after the time that collectively Party. and/or its Affiliates holds less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of Party's outstanding shares.
This Agreement will become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated pursuant to Sections 3.1<omitted>, shall remain effective for two (2) years from and after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This agreement shall commence as of date first above written, and          shall Continue through December 31, 2004 ("the Term").
The Term shall commence on July 23, 2013 and shall expire on July 22, 2016, unless otherwise terminated earlier pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall have an Initial Term of three (3) years.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for a period of five years following the initial date of execution of the Memorandum, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 6.2 or Section 2.8 ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall begin as of the Effective Date and continue until Acceptance of all Deliverables   for Milestones #1 and #2 pursuant to Section 3.4 and completion of Milestone #3, unless earlier terminated under Section 8.2, as   provided for under the Other Agreements, or as mutually agreed by the Parties.
The term of this Agreement shall automatically become effective upon the occurrence of (i) Party executing a commercial supply agreement with a contract manufacturing organization within forty-five (45) days of the Execution Date, provided that Party has exercised best efforts to execute such agreement and the failure to execute is solely caused by the refusal or inability of the proposed manufacturing organization to sign a reasonable agreement; and (ii) acceptance for review of the Dossier or marketing application for [ * * * ] by the Party no later than September 2, 2019 (such date, the "Effective Date") and shall end upon the termination or expiration of the Agreement as set forth in Section 11 (the "Term").
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Article, this Agreement will continue in full force beginning on the Effective Date and ending two (2) years thereafter ("Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the longer of the first anniversary of the Effective Date or the duration of the Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement (the "Term").
This agreement begins on the Commencement Date and, subject to clause 11.2, shall continue for an initial term of one (1) years (Initial Term) and indefinitely after that until terminated by either party giving at least twelve (12) months' prior written notice to expire on or after the expiry date of the initial term.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date first written above and shall continue in effect for a period of Three (3) years.
This Agreement shall become effective upon the date first written above and shall remain in full force and effect for a period of two years (2), unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions in this Agreement.
Unless terminated earlier as provided in this agreement, this Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms hereo
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and automatically renewing annually thereafter, unless either party provides a thirty-day notice of written termination one to the other ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of four (4) years, commencing on the Effective Date, which term may be extended for up to three (3) years by written agreement of both Parties prior to the expiration date of the initial term or any extension thereof (collectively, the "Term").
The term of the Franchise shall be twenty (20) years, commencing on January 1, 2016.
The term of this Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue until terminated as hereinafter provided (the "Term").
Terms of the project: 12 weeks from February 8, 2018 to May 3, 2018
This Agreement shall come into force on the Date of the Agreement, and shall, subject to article 18, remain in full force and effect for an initial period of *** from the Commercial Launch Date.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for one (I) year, unless earlier terminated as expressly provided in Sections 1.3. 10.1. or 10.2 of this Agreement (the *Initial Term")
This Agreement will remain in effect for Thirty-six (36)<omitted>months following the Hosting Service Ready Date ("Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Article XVI, this IP Agreement and the licenses granted herein will continue in effect from the Effective Date until the expiration of the last to expire of the Patents and any additional period of time thereafter that any of the Patents remain enforceable such as in the Location where a party can sue for infringement after a patent expires and seek damages for any infringement of the patent during the six years immediately preceding the filing of a suit for infringement.
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate on December 31, 2034 (such period, including as may be extended in accordance with the subsequent sentence, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article 11, shall expire on the last day of the Royalty Term.
This term of this Agreement shall commence on the EFFECTIVE DATE and shall continue, in each country, until the date of expiration of the last to expire patent within PATENT RIGHT(S) in that country.
The "Term" of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration or earlier termination of the last Addendum to expire or be terminated, at which time this Agreement will expire, unless this Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") (a) shall commence on the first day of the Warranty Period for the first Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation and (b) shall, unless terminated earlier under Section 4.1 of this Agreement or unless extended by mutual agreement of the Parties, terminate on the date that is the last day of the Warranty Period for the last Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation.
Subject to all other terms and conditions set forth herein, as of the date of this agreement, Party maintain the software for an additional five years.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of year as of the Effective Date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated, shall continue in full force and effect for a period of [***] years thereafter.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect for an initial term of **** from the Supply Commencement Date of the Product ("Initial Term").
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Facility Addendum, this Agreement (a) shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of four (4) years from such date (the "Initial Term" of this Agreement), unless sooner terminated pursuant to Section 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 or 7.7, and (b) may be extended for up to three (3) additional periods of twelve (12) months (each, an "Extension Period") by written notice given by Customer to Manufacturer not less than twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Extension Period, as the case may be.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the 60th day following a written notice from one party to the other of its decision to terminate this Agreement at the end of such 60-day period or upon termination of the applicable Distribution Agreement with respect to a Fund.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on the date hereof (the "Commencement Date"), and will continue until the earlier of (i) December 31, 2022, (ii) the termination or expiration of the Studio Lease (defined below), (iii) election to terminate and notice thereof given by Programmer to Licensee, and (iv) mutual written consent of Licensee and Programmer (the "Term"), unless extended or earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11 hereof.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a period of five (5) years from the Reseller's first purchase order for Product issued to Party (the "Initial Term"), unless terminated earlier by one of the parties in accordance with the terms of this Section 11.
The term of this JSMA shall commence on May 1, 2020 (the "Commencement Date") and ends at April 30, 2029 (the "Term"), with automatic renewals each for a period of five (5) years (a "Renewal Term") unless notice is given pursuant to 5.2.
Unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of Section ​12, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until July 31, 2019 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid until the [* * *] (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue to be in full force and effect for so long as Party and Party, or any of their Affiliates, each remains a Shareholder of the Company.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect through December 31, 2021 and any Renewal Term (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier as set forth herein.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 12, shall extend until the four (4) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on September 10, 2015 and shall continue for One (1) Year (the "Term").
This Agreement becomes effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 11, shall continue until the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect for an initial period of 1 year ("Initial Term").
This term of this Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereto shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in perpetuity (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions contained herein.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of twelve (12) full calendar months ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term"), unless mutually extended by written agreement of the Parties or unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall commence effective as of the date hereof and shall expire on December 31, 2028.
This Agreement shall continue until January 18, 2022, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods ending on January 18th of each year, provided such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (a) the Party's Board of Trustees and (b) a vote of a majority (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Party's Trustees who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Party and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of the Plan, in this Agreement, or any agreement related to the Plan (the "Qualified Trustees"), by vote cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting on such approval.
With respect to each of the Services, the term thereof will be for a period commencing as of the date hereof, unless a different date is specified as the commencement date for any applicable Service on Exhibit A or Exhibit B (either, a "Commencement Date"), and shall continue until 12 months following the Commencement Date unless (i) such other date as is specified as the termination date for any applicable Service in this Agreement or on Exhibit A or Exhibit B, as applicable (the "Term") or (ii) earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement (a "Termination Date").
Party's appointment as custodian is effective as of the Initial Cutoff Date and will continue until the later of (i) the date on which all obligations of the Issuer have been paid in full and (ii) the date on which such appointment is terminated under this Section 3.10(f).
This Agreement will terminate on the earlier to occur of (a) the date upon which the last remaining Receivable is paid in full, settled, sold or written off and any amounts received are applied and (b) the Issuer is terminated under Section 8.1 of the Trust Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence as of April 1, 2018 (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon the later of: (a) the conclusion of the 2022/23 Party season and (b) the last day in February, 2023 (such expiration date, the "Scheduled Expiration Date"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be valid for five (5) years from February 1, 2019 through January 31, 2024 unless this Agreement is terminated earlier pursuant to Section 14 (the "Term").
The term of this agreement will begin on April 1, 2018 and continue until April 30, 2018 at 11:59pm.
This agreement is for a term of ten (10) years.
This Agreement shall commence on March 15, 2018 and will expire on March 14, 2020 unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 13 of the Agreement (the "Term")
The Contract is valid for 5 years, beginning from and ended on .
The "Term" of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will end on the earlier of: (a) the first anniversary of the expiration date of the last Purchase Schedule (as defined in this next Section); (b) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party any time after the expiration of the last Purchase Schedule; or (c) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party as provided in Subsection 11(d) of this Agreement.
Termination Date: December 31, 2023
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the time periods set forth in Schedules 1 and 2 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and continues in perpetuity, unless termination occurs pursuant to Sections 4.2 through 4.4.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
The license granted to the Licensee under this Agreement shall continue perpetually
This Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
TERM: November 01, 2014 to October 31, 2017
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
Period of transportation services: this Agreement is valid for an indefinite term.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and unless earlier terminated as provided elsewhere in this Agreement, will end automatically upon the end of Year 3.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for one (1) year following the Launch Date, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
The Term shall commence on the date of this Agreement and, unless earlier terminated or extended as provided below, shall end as of December 31, 2000.
The term of this Agreement shall be for a period of two (2) years (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall end fifteen months therefrom.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date hereof       (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon delivery of [**] to ebix,       but in no way shall this Agreement extend any later than thirty (30)       months from the Effective Date regardless of the number Filled       Application Forms delivered to ebix. About will make commercially       reasonable efforts to achieve that number in twelve (12) months or less       from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end      three (3) years from the date the Co-Branded Application becomes      accessible to Excite@Home Members ("Launch Date").
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the date above, and shall          continue for a term of one (1) year
Term shall mean the Effective Date through June 15, 2001 and any Renewal Term (as defined in paragraph 7.4 herein.)
INITIAL TERM shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the second anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11.
Initial Term shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the fourth anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8
This  Agreement  shall  be effective upon the              ------------------- Effective Date and shall remain in force for a period of one (1) year, and shall be automatically renewed for successive periods of one (1) year unless otherwise terminated  as provided  herein.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in force for three years from the Launch Date (the "Initial Term") unless earlier
"Launch Date" means the first date on which the Service is made publicly available.<omitted>This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date and will continue in effect for 2 years following the Launch Date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall          ----------------------- commence on the Effective Date and end on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the date that the Affiliate Registration Form is approved by Party and will end when terminated by either party.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall  continue for a period of five (5) years from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term") after which this Agreement may be extended on mutual agreement  of the parties (a "Renewal Term," and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
This Agreement will remain in force for perpetuity or until and unless          otherwise mutually agreed or amended in writing by both parties.
The term of this Agreement will begin upon acceptance of Affiliate's Program application and will end when terminated by either party of this Agreement.
This Agreement is entered into for an unlimited period of time.
This Agreement shall be for the term of one year; thereafter, the Agreement shall renew automatically under these same  terms and agreements unless superceded by future agreements.
This Agreement  shall become  effective on the Effective Date      and shall  continue in effect until  either  Party  informs the other Party      with thirty (30) day prior written notice of termination of this Agreement.
The "Initial Term" shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire on March 31, 2011.
The  term  ("Term")  of  this Agreement shall be for one hundred eighty  days  (180)  from  the  date set forth below unless Party or Party or Party  or Party doesn't approve Affiliate's ISO application, in which case,  the  Term  will  be  3 years.
Unless sooner terminated under the provisions hereof, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period  of one (1) year ("Term"). provided however, that the Parties may extend the Term for an additional year period by entering into an written  addendum of the Agreement extending such term.
"CONTRACT PERIOD" means that period of time commencing upon the full execution of this Agreement by both Parties and  terminating on May 31, 2016 unless sooner terminated under this Agreement.
All terms of this Agreement will automatically commence on November 1st, 2017, and expire on November 2nd, 2020.
"Term" means: 1.5t January 2013 to 315t December 2013 or until terminated under the provisions of this Agreement or the Primary Agreement.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time from February 21, 2011 through December 31, 2012.
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and ending  on February 19, 2013 ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for two years from the date hereof, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (A) the vote of the Party, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Party and (B) the vote of a majority of the Party's directors who are not parties to this Agreement or "interested persons" (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Party Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the Investment Party Act.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this ARTICLE 13, shall remain in effect on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the expiration of the Royalty Term applicable to such Product and country (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect until the expiration of the Sublicense Agreement, unless earlier termination by pursuant to the terms of this Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4 of this Agreement, will continue until the expiration of the Warranty Period as defined in subsection 9(a) of this Agreement.
Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, the Parties' respective rights and obligations under this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force for ten (10) years after the First Commercial Sale of the first Licensed Product, and shall thereafter automatically renew for an unlimited period of time unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Section 15.2.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein, unless earlier terminated by either party, this Agreement shall expire on ______, 20___, and all rights of Developer herein shall cease and all unapplied or unused Development Fees paid pursuant to Section 3 hereof shall be forfeited to Franchisor.
Unless terminated pursuant to Section 10 or 11 below, it shall expire upon the earlier of the date specified in Exhibit "B" or upon the opening of the last Party® Restaurant listed in the Development Schedule.
Dr. Murray's obligations set out herein shall be performed from the Effective Date until December 31, 2018 (the initial "Services Term").
Except as otherwise stated herein as pertaining only to a Services Term, this Agreement shall remain in effect for ten years, unless terminated in accordance with Sections 6.1 (a) or 6.2(b).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance herewith, shall continue in force and effect until (a) the date of expiration of the last Royalty Term for the last Licensed Product, or (b) the expiration of the License Option Period and the failure of Party to exercise the License Option (such period, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") will begin on the date this Agreement is signed by the last signatory ("Effective Date") and remain in effect for [***]; provided, however, that the terms of this Agreement shall remain applicable to any SOW that was executed by the Parties prior to the expiration or termination of this Agreement but whose period of performance extends beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue thereafter for a period of twelve (12) months (the "Initial Term").
The Term shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of five (5) years.
The term "Term" shall mean an initial term of five years, automatically renewable thereafter for successive 5-year terms unless either party provides prior written notice of termination not less than 90 days prior to the end of such five-year term; provided, however, T&B shall have the right to terminate the license after the first year of the Term if Party does not conduct the Business so as to meet the Cash Sales benchmarks set by the parties for years two through five of the Term, as set forth in Section 3.3, below.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless the Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will come into effect on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force for ten (10) years from the Launch (the "Initial Term"), or the date of expiry of the last valid patent of the Licensed Product, whichever comes later, subject to clauses 19.2, 19.3, 19.4 and 19.5 hereunder
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will commence on the Effective Date and will expire upon the earliest of (i) termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 14.2, or (ii) the date of payment of the last Approval Payment due based on all applicable Regulatory Approvals which have been received.
The term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article XII, shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration of Party's payment obligations under Article IX or the Profit/Loss Share Agreement, whichever is later (the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 14 hereof (the "Term").
This Agreement commences on the date it is executed and shall continue until full performance by both parties, or until earlier terminated by one party under the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will be for the maximum period of six (6) months beginning for the commencement date, renewable in accordance with the terms hereof, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10)  years thereafter.
This Agreement will be in effect for three (3) years from the Effective Date ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Unless  otherwise  stated  in  the  Appendix  the  term of this letter           Agreement  shall  continue  for  twenty-four  (24)  months  with  the           effective  date  unless  terminated sooner or extended pursuant to the           terms hereof ("Initial Term")
Contract  end:  04-01-08
The initial term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and end twelve (12) months after the Launch (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b).
This Agreement and the provisions hereof, except as otherwise provided, shall be in full force and effect commencing on the date of execution by both Parties and shall extend for an initial term of two (2) years.
This Agreement will become effective as of the last date of signature (Effective Date) and shall, unless sooner terminated as provided below or as otherwise agreed, remain effective for an initial term of 10 Years following the first date of public availability of the PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Content within a THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION Property (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the date on which it is signed and affixed with the corporate seals by the authorized representative of  each Party and have a term of five (5) years commencing as of the effective date hereof.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, except as set forth in Subsection (ii), continue in full force and effect through the Delivery Period.
This agreement will be in effect until the end of 2006 and will be evaluated at that time.
This Agreement shall take effect from the Effective Date and continue in      full force and effect for twenty (20) years thereafter, unless otherwise      terminated in accordance with Clause 8.
Expiration Date: August 31, 2006
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on the Expiration Date set forth above (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 3(b).
The Term of the Agreement is hereby extended to January 20, 2012 unless sooner terminated as provided for in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be in effect until March 18. 2021, unless sooner terminated by either party upon (30) days written notice, without cause.
This contract shall remain in effect initially for the five (5) year term ("Initial Term") from the date signed and shall be automatically extended for one (1) year periods after the Initial Term ("Renewal Term") unless (i) either party provides written notice of its intention not to renew the Agreement within 180 days prior to any Renewal Term; or (ii) this Agreement is otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms of this Section 12.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate in _____________, on _____________, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement may be renewed for successive one (1) year periods if Party and Distributor expressly agree in writing and in their sole discretion to renew this Agreement prior to the foregoing termination date or any successive renewal term.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until September 1, 2045, unless earlier terminated by either Party pursuant to this Article 12 (the "Term").
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, all rights and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect for a period of eighteen (18) months after the initial theatrical release of that Property.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, including Robots, Party of Party, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, In Her Shoes, Idiocracy (Oww My Balls) and Ice Age II, all right and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect until March 31, 2008."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Term") is the Effective Date through March 15, 2022.
This Agreement expires ten (10) years from the Agreement Date (the "Term"), unless it is terminated sooner as provided in other sections of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided under  this Agreement, shall terminate five (5) years following the date of launch of the first Website, but in no event later than February  28, 2013 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue thereafter for a period of two (2) years, unless extended by written agreement of both parties or sooner terminated as set forth below.
This Agreement and the license granted herein shall remain effective until terminated.
Unless otherwise provided herein, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue through the completion or termination of Developer's services and work product as mutually agreed upon between the Parties (the Project).
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Commencement Date and will continue through December 31, 2022 or until this Agreement is otherwise terminated in accordance with its provisions ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate automatically without notice on December 31, 2022, unless the Parties agree in writing to extend the term of the Agreement (the initial term and any renewal terms are referred to collectively herein as the "Term").
This Second Amendment shall be effective from The Second Amendment Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2021.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue for a period of three (3) years therefrom (the "Term").
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue until termination as provided below.
This Agreement is for a term (the "Term") of 12 months from the Effective Date on June 1s t 2020 and expiring May 31st 2021.
This Agreement shall be in full force and effect commencing on January 2, 2020 and shall remain in effect for one (1) year or until Consultant completes the services requested
The term of this Agreement shall commence on January 10th, 2019 and shall expire on the day that is twenty-four (24) months from that date (the "Term of Engagement") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Term: twelve (12) months from the date of the Agreement which term shall automatically renew for an additional twelve (12) months on such date if the Agreement is not otherwise terminated according to Section 8 of the Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be the sooner of six (6) months from the Effective Date, or replacement of this Agreement with a subsequent agreement between the Parties.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the four-year anniversary of the Effective Date (such period, as it may be extended, either by the mutual written agreement of the parties or automatically, or earlier terminated being referred to as the "Consultation Period"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4, and shall automatically renew for successive one-year periods, unless the Company provides 90 days' notice of termination before any such successive period.
The term of this Agreement is for a period of five (5) years (the "Term") commencing on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the termination provisions of this Agreement, ending on January 31, 2025.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement  and shall expire  twenty (20) years from the  effective  date of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
The term of this Agreement for the Hosted Site shall commence upon April 1, 1999 and shall continue for a period of six (6) months, unless earlier terminated in accordance with provisions hereof.
This Agreement shall continue in effect from the Effective Date for a one (1) year period, unless earlier terminated as set forth below, and thereafter shall renew automatically for successive one (1) year periods unless either party gives the other party at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of its intent not to renew the Agreement.
The effective term is 12 months beginning March 1, 2005 and ending February 28, 2006.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a period of 12 months thereafter (the "Period") in full force and effect until it is terminated in accordance with this Section 3.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated under this Article, shall continue in effect until the Conversion Date (the "Term"); provided that, with respect to any Party identified in Exhibit A as having a license term beyond the Conversion Date, Party's License to, and Party's obligation to provide Party Services for, such Party shall survive for the period specified in Exhibit A.
The term of this Agreement is for ten (10) years commencing on the date of this Agreement, unless terminated as provided by this Agreement.
The obligations of the Agent pursuant to this Agreement shall terminate upon termination of the Offering, but in no event later than 45 days after  the completion of the Subscription Offering (the "End Date").
The initial term of this Agreement is one (1) year from the date of          delivery of the Product to Licensee unless earlier terminated in          accordance with this Agreement.
1 April 2009
The maintenance is for a period of one (1) year commencing upon expiration of the initial one (1) year term of the License/Services Schedule.
Party's obligations hereunder shall become effective upon the      "Effective Date" and, unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall      remain in full force and effect for at least one year thereafter.
This Agreement be deemed effective as of the Effective Date, Agreement and shall terminate on December 31, 2020, unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 3.2.
This Agreement shall continue in force until the earlier to occur of (i) the Owner no longer owns any Receivables or Participation Interests, and (ii) subject to Section 7(d), the delivery of written notice of termination by the Owner to the Servicer pursuant to Section 7(c), in each case upon which event this Agreement shall automatically terminate unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Servicer and the Owner.
Agent's appointment hereunder shall commence on the next business day after the later of (i) the date hereof, or (ii) the date Agent has confirmed that Client's records have been converted to Agent's system (the "Effective Date"), and shall continue for three years thereafter (the "Initial Term").
In relation to each Fund, this Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (a) the expiration of the term of such Fund or (b) the date, if any, on which Party (or any affiliate it has substituted in its stead in accordance with such Fund's Fund Agreement) is removed as general partner of such Fund or (c) the Sub-Advisor ceasing to be authorised and regulated by the Party.
This Agreement shall take effect on the date of signature of the Agreement by both parties and shall terminate when all obligations required of both parties hereunder are performed unless either terminated earlier or extended by the parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement subject to clause 4.0.
At any time that there is no uncompleted Statement of Work outstanding, either party may terminate this Agreement for any or no reason upon fifteen (15) days advance notice to the other.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof and shall continue until terminated by either party pursuant to Paragraph 6 hereof.
The term of this Services Agreement shall begin on the date of execution and shall continue in effect for a period of two years.
Subject to the provisions for termination hereinafter provided, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a minimum period of 12 months (the "Minimum Period") and thereafter upon the mutual agreement of the Company and Maimon (the "Service Term").
This Agreement shall terminate (a) at the option of any party, upon 90 days' advance written notice to the other parties hereto; or (b) in the event of a material breach that has not been cured within ten days following a written notice of breach to the breaching party.
This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by the Parties.
The Appointment may be terminated by either party giving the other at least 12 months' notice in writing.
Your employment shall commence on 26  September 2019 and shall continue unless and until either party gives notice to the other in accordance with paragraph 11 below.
This Agreement shall terminate immediately and automatically upon the termination of Company's Participation Agreement(s) with the Funds, and in such event no notice need be given hereunder.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
"Service Period" means April. 1st 2019 through to March 30, 2020<omitted>The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
Subject to earlier termination as provided below, this Service Agreement is for the total duration of the Company's Offering (the "Initial Term") unless either party requests termination at least 30 days prior to the end of the then-current term.
The Party's employment with the Company will commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue, subject to the remaining terms of this Agreement, until terminated by either party giving the other the following minimum advance written notice: 2.1.1 6 weeks' notice;

2.1.2 such other longer period as required by law.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the day and year first above written and shall govern the relations between the parties hereto thereafter, unless terminated as set forth in this Section 6.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year, commencing January 1, 2008 and ending on December 31, 2008.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate at the end of the Exclusivity Period (i.e., a three (3) year period commencing on the Effective Date).
Subject to the provisions of Section 14 hereof, the term of this Agreement and the sponsorship described herein shall commence on  January 1, 2010 and extend through December 31, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be four (4) Processing Years commencing on the Effective Date of this Agreement and ending on June 30, 2010 unless
This Agreement shall automatically terminate at and as of (the first to occur of): (a) 12:00 midnight, Location time,  on the 30th day after the Effective Date (if Purchaser has not commenced the Offer, with the unanimous consent of the Sponsors, by then); (b) the  expiration of the Offer (if the Offer is not consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), subject to any extension or subsequent offering period;  and (c) the expiration of the Interim Period (if the Offer is consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), in any case, unless sooner terminated  by unanimous written consent of the Participating Sponsors; provided, however, that any liability for failure to comply with this Agreement shall  survive any such termination.
Unless otherwise terminated as specified in this Section 12, the      ----      term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and will not end      until the later of (a) twelve (12) months from the Launch Date; or (2) the      date Party displays a total of 176,717,916 Impressions in accordance with      the terms set forth herein ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the "Effective Date" and shall continue for ten (10) Contract Years, unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 6 of this Agreement or extended by renewal by written agreement of the Parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 13(o) of this Agreement (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided for herein, the term of this Agreement  shall commence as of the date hereof and shall  terminate at the end of the Season which is scheduled to end on October 12, 2002 (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and conclude on October 31, 2010, unless renewed by  agreement or sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
If the Launch Date has not occurred by August 31, 1999, Sponsor shall, in its sole discretion, be entitled to terminate this Agreement without any liability and receive a full refund of all amounts paid by Sponsor to drkoop.Party pursuant to this Agreement prior to the date of such termination.
The initial term (the "Initial Term"; and together with all extensions and renewals, the "Term") will begin on the date set forth above * * * (the "Launch Date") on which: (i) each of the Sponsor Areas of the Partyoop.Party Website are operational in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (other than the e-Partymerce tile placements); and (ii) the links to the<omitted>Sponsor Website or Vitamin Buzz contained in the Sponsor logos or the Sponsor banner advertisements are established in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, subject to earlier termination as set forth in this Agreement.
In the event that Party has not delivered XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX             clickthroughs to the Client Site by the end of twelve (12) months             after the Launch Date, the first year of the term of the Agreement             will be extended without additional sponsorship and advertising fees             for up to an additional four (4) months.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will             not end until Party displays of a total of XXXXXXXXXXXXX             impressions of Client's advertising banners and promotional             placements on the Party Site and Party has made reasonable             commercial efforts to deliver, at minimum, a goal of XXXXXXXX             clickthroughs to the Client Site.
Regardless of Party's actual             delivery of impressions and clickthroughs, the term of this             Agreement will not be shorter than two (2) years after the display             of the first of Client's advertising banners and promotional             placements, subject to the termination rights set forth below.
The initial production period shall be for a period of two (2) months to commence on November 4, 1998 (the "Production Period"), and the remaining term of this Agreement shall be for a period of twenty four (24) months to commence on the tentative launch date of January 4, 1999, unless terminated earlier as provided herein (the "Promotion Period"), (The Production Period and the Promotion Period shall be collectively referred to as the "Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof  and, unless terminated as provided herein, shall continue through November 30, 1998.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on July 19, 1999 and shall    ----    thereafter continue until all above described Sponsor benefits are completed,    but in no event beyond the end of the 1999 season (the "Term").
If Party does not timely exercise its right to terminate this Agreement, then Party agrees that this Agreement shall continue for the entire four (4) year term unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and                  will end on the second (2nd) anniversary of the Commencement                  Date.
Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall take effect on December 1st, 2015 and shall expire on November 30, 2016.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the                           specific terms of this Agreement, the term of this                           Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not                           end until Party displays a total of [*****]                           impressions of the Client advertising banners and                           promotional placements on the Party Network as                           described in this Agreement and pushes [*****]                           emails using the email vehicles specified in Exhibit                           B
The services described herein to be provided by Party shall begin upon execution and delivery of the  Outsourcing Agreement and shall continue until termination of Contractor's activities to administer the Notes thereunder.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the date first set forth above, and shall  continue in full force and effect until terminated as provided below.
The initial term ("Initial Term") of this Agreement shall be for one year commencing on the 1st day of May, 2006 ("Effective Date").
This agreement shall commence on January 20, 2014 (the "Effective Date") and shall continue in effect for six (6) months (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of the contracted agreement is 5 years from the commencement date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall           commence on the Effective Date and extend for three (3) years           thereafter ("INITIAL TERM"), with an automatic renewal for an           indefinite period of time ("EXTENDED TERM"), unless terminated by the           parties according to Sections 16.2. or 16.3. herein.
The term of this Agreement will commence on January 1, 1998 (the "Effective Date") and will end on December 31, 1998.
"Term" shall mean the period commencing on the Effective Date and terminating on the eighth anniversary of the Commencement Date, unless the Agreement is extended in accordance with its provisions.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on November 30, 2014 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall be valid for an indefinite period.
This Attachment and its Product Attachments shall become effective on the       Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless       terminated as provided in Section 5.0 of the Base Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall       continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in       Section 5.0.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms hereof, the term of this Agreement shall end on the seventh anniversary of the date hereof.
This Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement will be for two (2) year(s) commencing on the Effective Date.
This Agreement is effective as of August 1, 2004, (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate on July 31, 2009, (the "Termination Date") unless earlier terminated or extended as provided for herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date unless sooner terminated pursuant to the termination provisions herein.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date      and continue for a period of 1 year after the Effective Date, unless      earlier terminated as set forth herein (the "TERM").
This Amendment shall enter into force on the date of its signature by both Parties and, unless otherwise agreed upon in writing by the Parties through a subsequent amendment to the GMA, shall remain in force for the term of the referenced GMA.
The Agreement shall end on the End Date without any further action, unless otherwise provided under this Agreement.
"End Date"



means the date on which this Agreement is terminated or expires, and shall be the earlier to occur of the following, as appropriate:   (i) the end of the Initial Term as defined in Clause 3.1of this Agreement; or,   (ii) the end of the term of each annual renewal of this Agreement as per Clause 3.2 of this Agreement; or,   (iii) the date on which all or part of this Agreement is terminated as per Clause 16 ("Termination");
The Agreement enters into force on the Signing Date; it will have a duration of [*****] as from the Start Date (the "Initial Term").
The first paid (Initial) Maintenance Term shall commence upon expiration of the Warranty Period and shall continue for twelve (12) months thereafter.
This Agreement shall apply and remain in effect from the Effective Date and perpetually thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the Section entitled "Termination."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the date that payment is due for Minimum Payment Period 7, pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof and as set forth in Attachment B hereof, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
This Agreement shall come into force on the Effective Date and shall remain in force and effect for a period of [Redacted - Commercially Sensitive - Term Details] , unless this Agreement is extended or previously terminated in accordance with this clause 12, pursuant to clause 15.1 (Force Majeure), or (ii) by the mutual written consent of the Parties (the "Term").
The Agreement shall have an initial term of ten (10) years commencing from the Effective Date and ending on the tenth (10th) anniversary thereof (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of Section 15.2 or Section 15.3.
The "Term" shall begin on the date hereof and shall expire December 31, 2023, subject to early termination pursuant to the terms of Section 19. Flotek, may, by written notice given to Party on or before September 30, 2023, elect for the Term to be extended to December 31, 2024.
TERM OF EXECUTION From January 30, 2012 until July 29, 2012
Subject to the General Terms and Conditions of Transporter's                   FERC Gas Tariff and Rate Schedule FTS/ITS, this Agreement                   shall be effective as of the date of physical completion of                   and initial deliveries on Transporter's pipeline and shall                   continue for a primary term of ten years.
This Agreement shall be effective from the date first above written and         shall continue indefinitely until terminated by either Party in          accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
The Agreement shall continue through the project's in-service date and for a period of fifteen (15) years after the project's in-service date ("Initial Term").
"Initial Term" means the period commencing on the Effective Date and concluding on the last day of the month in which the fifth anniversary of the Offtake Agreement Effective Date falls.
"Offtake Agreement" means that certain Crude Oil Sale and Purchase Agreement between the Principal and Party dated 1 November 1999.
This contract shall be effective as of November 1, 2002, and shall remain in force and effect, unless modified as per Exhibit B, until October 31, 2012.
"Royalty Term" means, with respect to sales of a Product in the Location, the time period beginning on the First Commercial Sale of such Product in the Location and expiring on the latest of the following dates:

(a) ***

(b) ***

(c) ***<omitted>Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall continue in effect until the expiration of the Royalty Term as defined in Section 1.87 ("Term"), and thereafter Party has no remaining payment obligations with respect to the Products pursuant to Section 8.5 above and Party shall have no further obligations hereunder.
The term of the agreement is 20 years, during which if any main equipment of any Party stops operation due to technical problem or at the end of its life cycle, the agreement shall be automatically terminated.
This Agreement shall come into force as of January 1, 2013 and remain valid for 1 year.
As of the effective date hereof, the original cooperation of mobile game business executed between the Parties shall terminate automatically.
Party A and Party B agree and confirm that the term of cooperation under this Agreement shall commence from the execution date hereof and end on the expiration date of the operation term of Party B ("Term of Cooperation").
Unless this Agreement is early terminated in accordance with this Agreement or other agreements signed by the Parties hereof, the term of the validity of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date.
"Intended End of Term" means the later of (a) the seventh (7th) anniversary of the Effective Date and (b) the date determined to be the "Intended End of Term" under Section 7.2.2(d) (Effects of Tolling).<omitted>This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms, including by Party pursuant to Section 7.3 (Buy-Down Election) or extended by the mutual written agreement of the Parties, shall continue until the Intended End of Term (such time period, as may be extended pursuant to this Section 13.3.1 (Term - General), the "Term"); provided that, if,<omitted>at the expiration of the Intended End of Term, Party has paid the Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitment, but will not have paid to Party the Full Purchase Target, then the Term of this Agreement shall automatically extend for an additional [***] ([***]) year period from the date of the expiration of the then-Intended End of Term so that, among other things, Party may potentially receive the benefit of the Full Purchase Target and Party may receive the continuing benefit of royalty-free licenses.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial term of  three (3) years from the Promotion Commencement Date, divided into three one-year periods.
Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall commence      effective June 1, 1998, and shall continue for a term of three (3) years      expiring May 31, 2001 (the "Term").
"Term" means the earlier of: (a) the end of the two year period from the Effective Date to 31 July 2013; or (b) the last day of the calendar month  within which the Maximum Distribution Commitment is reached.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as set out in this Agreement, shall continue  for the Term.
This promotion shall begin on June 1,1999 and shall terminate June 1, 2000 (herein "Term")
The Joint Venture shall commence on the 1st of      March, 2003, and shall be effective until February 28, 2004 unless extended      by written agreement of the Joint Venturers not less than thirty (30) days      prior to scheduled termination.
Except as otherwise provided herein, the term of this Agreement is three (3) years from the Execution Date ("Cooperation Period").
The term of this Agreement is twelve (12) months from the date hereof, and will be automatically renewed for one (1) additional twelve month period unless either party shall notify the other in writing of its intention not to renew.
This Agreement is effective as of the date hereof and shall remain in full force and effect for the period (the "Covered Period") commencing on the date hereof and ending on the date that is the earliest of: (i) the Party's failure to appoint the Party Designee to the Party following the Party Group's written request to the Party to have the Party Designee appointed to the Party pursuant to Section 1(a) of this Agreement; (ii) the failure of the Party to comply in good faith with Section 1(e) of this Agreement; or (iii) the date which is the 60t h day prior to the Party's 2016 annual meeting of stockholders.
This Agreement shall take effect as of the Effective Date and shall expire upon completion of the Project as set forth in the Project Plan and after payment of all payments due and payable according to this Agreement, unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
"Expiration Date" means March 31, 2020.
The Joint Venture is a fixed term Joint Venture beginning November 27, 2018 and ending November 30th, 2019 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on      February 1, 1998 and end on the first anniversary of the date of this      Agreement; provided that (a) either party may terminate this Agreement,      effective at any time after the first three

       months of the Term, by giving 30 days' written notice of termination to the      other party, and (b) either party may terminate this Agreement at any time      by giving written notice of termination to the other party, if the other      party commits a material breach of its obligations hereunder that is not      cured within 30 days after notice thereof from the non-breaching party.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue, unless terminated sooner in accordance with this Article VIII, until June 27, 2011 (the "Term").
This Agreement  shall continue until  terminated as      provided herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated under the terms of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the Services to be provided with respect to any Account which is registered as an investment company under the 1940 Act (herein referred to as a "registered investment company") are services referred to in the definition of "investment advisor" under Section 202(a)(11) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (herein referred to as "investment advisory services"), then with respect to such Account, this Agreement:

(i) shall not commence until the effective date of its approval by the board of directors or trustees ("Party") of such Account;

(ii) shall continue from year to year thereafter, subject to the provisions for termination and all other terms and conditions hereof, only if such continuation shall be specifically approved at least annually by a majority of the Party, including a majority of the members of the Party who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons of any such party (other than as members of the Party) cast in person at a meeting called for that purpose;

(iii) may be terminated at any time without the payment of any penalty by the Party or by a vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities (as defined in Section 2(a)(42) of the 1940 Act) of the Account on 60 days' written notice to the Adviser;

(iv) shall automatically terminate in the event of (A) its assignment (as defined in the 1940 Act) or (B) termination of the Advisory Agreement for any reason whatsoever.
Subject to the remaining provisions of this Section, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the effective date first above written and shall continue until terminated by mutual agreement of the parties hereto or by either party on not less than 60 days' written notice to the other party hereto.
This Limited Power of Attorney shall be revoked and terminated automatically upon the cancellation or termination of the Services Agreement or as to any Fund upon the cancellation or termination of the Adviser's Investment Advisory Contract for such Fund.
Unless otherwise mutually agreed to by the Parties, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end upon expiration of the Term, unless terminated early as contemplated hereunder.
"Term" means, on a Country-by-Country and Collaboration Product-by-Collaboration Product basis, the period from the Effective Date until the later of (a) the expiration or termination of the last Valid Claim of a Patent Right covering the Pooled Compound in such Collaboration Product in such Country, and (b) fifteen (15) years from First Commercial Sale in such Country, unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with Article 14.
The term of the CDx Development Program shall be five (5) years.
The term for Database Insights under Section 3.1.8 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Database Insights Term").
The term "Agreement Term" shall mean the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is terminated sooner as provided in Article 17, expiring on the date when all work has been completed or terminated under all R&D Plans.
The initial term of the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program will be five (5) years beginning on the Effective Date.
The term for Sample Profiling set forth in Section 3.1.4 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Profiling Term").
This Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue for the Agreement Term.
The initial term of the ctDNA Platform Development Program will be twelve (12) months.
The initial term of this Agreement shall, unless sooner terminated by consent of all parties, expires in five (5) years from the date of Effective Date.
The Contract Term shall extend for a period of fifty (50) years.
This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date, and will continue until the expiration of the "Sales Term" as that term is defined in the Sales Dealer Agreement dated as of August 16, 2017 between Party and Party Solar Developer, LLC (the "Term")."
The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years, subject to the prior termination rights provided below.
Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, this Agreement continues in effect for an initial term of seven (7) years ("Initial Term") and will automatically renew for one or more annual periods after the Initial Term (each a "Renewal Term") unless either party gives notice of non-renewal at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the beginning of any Renewal Term.
The duration of this Venture (the "Term") will begin on March 1, 2020 and continue in full force and effect until February 28, 2025 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
This Amendment shall only become effective upon the Party Closing with respect to Article 1.1 and the PartyZ Closing with respect to Article 1.2, and shall terminate without any force or effect in the event that the Party SPA and the PartyZ SPA are terminated in accordance with the terms thereof.
This JV Agreement shall become effective on the signing date and shall have a duration of * years, extendable for a further * years, unless notice of non- renewal is sent one year before the natural expiry date.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of execution and shall continue in force and effect for an indefinite term thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the provisions of Article 16 or by all the Parties in writing.
This agreement shall terminate:

                  a.       Automatically if any public authority cancels or                            declines to renew the Party's license or Certificate                            of Party.

                  b.       Immediately if either party gives detailed written                            notice to the other of alleged gross and willful                            misconduct, fraud or material misrepresentation.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date hereof and shall terminate upon the termination of the Offering.
This Agreement will become effective as of the date first written above and will continue in effect thereafter until terminated pursuant to Paragraph 4.2 below.
This Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years commencing upon the Effective Date hereof unless sooner terminated in  accordance with this Agreement (the "Initial Term").
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the later to occur of the date that is (x) three (3) years from the date hereof and (y) the date on which an affiliate of Party is not acting as the external manager of Party.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years following the Effective Date or until the Studies are completed, whichever is later,  unless extended or unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof.
Term: This Study Order will continue until the Study is completed, which is expected to be ________ (__) months after the Effective Date, or until terminated early as provided in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the date first set forth above and, shall expire on the later of (i) five (5) years from the date hereof, or (ii) with respect to any projects identified in any contract for which Party is billing the client directly, upon the completion of Party's Services and receipt of payment by Party from Party for said services.
Unless terminated sooner, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years  thereafter (the "Initial Term") and shall automatically renew for additional one (1) year terms on the terms and conditions set forth herein (each a  "Renewal Term" and collectively, the "Term") unless either party gives the other Party Notice of its intention to terminate this Agreement ninety  (90) days before the end of the Initial Term or Renewal Term, if any.
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this                ----                                                       Agreement shall terminate on the later of (i) the third anniversary of the Effective Date or (ii) the date on which Party ceases to be a Subsidiary of Party.
THIS STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), made effective this 17t h day of February 2016, through February 16, 2019 (the "Initial Term") i
Either party may terminate this agreement after 3 years following the effective date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall remain in effect for a period of 5 years ("Initial Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years from the date of execution and may be extended subject to satisfactory  agreement on ongoing commercial terms, to be agreed two (2) months prior to the expiration of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until the later of (a) the fourth (4th) anniversary of the Effective Date, or (b) the completion or termination of the Research and receipt by Party of all deliverables due from Party hereunder, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.2 or Section 9.14.
This Agreement is effective on the Effective Date and shah continue in effect until the earlier of (a) the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date, and (b) termination by either Party for any reason upon thirty (30) days' written notice to the other Party; provided, however, that no Party shall be able to terminate this Agreement so long as such Party is a Defaulting Party under this Agreement.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until it is terminated in accordance with the  provisions of Section 15 of this Agreement ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and will continue in effect until five (5) year(s) from such date (the "Initial Term") unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 25.
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Initial Term") will be ten (10) years from the Effective Date, provided that at any time following the 7th anniversary of such date, either party may terminate such strategic alliance upon not less than 60 days' prior written notice to the other party.
The rights and obligations of the Party set forth in this Article VI (other than those set forth in Sections 6.8 and 6.9) shall terminate on the date that the Party owns less than 3% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock, but in no event earlier than the Expiration Date (as defined in the Warrant).
The term of this Agreement is twenty-four (24) months.
This Agreement shall be for an initial term of five (5) years, and unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall automatically renew for an additional term of five (5) years thereafter.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for a term of ten (10) years, unless previously terminated in  accordance with Clause 15 (Termination).
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of two (2) years ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 11 of this Agreement.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 4.2 or 4.3, this Agreement will be in effect from the Effective Date until completion of the Research Program.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of three (3) years after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement is effective on the day of May 1, 2013 and the effective term is the same as the Cooperation Ter
The Cooperation Term of the parties shall be two years from May 1, 2013 to April 30, 2015.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, (i) that this Section 8 shall survive any such termination and (ii) no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, shall continue in full force and effect until terminated pursuant to this Article 18.
This Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of: (i) the conclusion of the Standstill Period or (ii) delivery of written notice by one Party to the other Party of a material breach of this Agreement by the breaching Party that is uncured after ten (10) calendar days of notice of such breach.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement will be effective as of the date of its execution, and term of the Cooperation will be four years from the date on which the channel is uploaded.<omitted>The channel is expected to be uploaded on August 1, 201
Unless otherwise mutual agreed between the Parties, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the earlier of the below events occur:

 (a) The fifth (5t h) anniversary of this Agreement; and

 (b) Party ceasing to own more than 2,237,216 class B shares or American depositary shares of Party.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period in accordance with Section 4, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
Subject to the other provisions contained herein, this AGREEMENT shall be for a term of thirty (30) years from the Effective Date, which shall automatically renew from year-to-year thereafter unless terminated by a Party upon sixty (60) days' written notice after the end of the term.
The term of this Agreement shall be fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the following  provisions of this Article:
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this IP Agreement shall extend until the last date of expiration of the Party  Intellectual Property rights licensed under this IP Agreement.
The term of this Agreement is five (5) years unless the early termination in accordance with this Agreement.
The provisions of this Agreement, including the license rights provided in this Article III, shall not be terminable or revocable for any reason.
The term of this IP Agreement shall be from the Effective Date until all of the Intellectual Property licensed hereunder is in the public domain (provided, however, that in such event the representations and warranties in Article III shall survive (and terminate) in accordance with the Acquisition Agreement) or this IP Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 4.3.
This Agreement shall remain in effect for sixty (60) months from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
Unless otherwise agreed in writing by Accuray and Distributor and subject to the termination rights contained in this Agreement,  this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until the termination of the Strategic Alliance Agreement;  provided, however, that if a Termination Election relating to this Agreement is made pursuant to Section 10.3 of the Strategic  Alliance Agreement prior to such termination, this Agreement shall terminate 36 months after such Termination Election (the  "Term").
The term of this Agreement shall terminate on May 31, 2015, unless sooner terminated.
As provided for in this Section 1, the term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years, beginning on the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"); provided, however, the Initial Term shall be subject to automatic successive renewal terms of three (3) years each (the "Renewal Terms" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
The terms of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date and will be automatically renewed on each anniversary of the effective date, for a renewal term of one year unless either party provides written notification of its intention not to renew this Agreement at least one month prior to the expiration of the initial or any renewal terms.
Distributor's appointment is for a term of one year from the Effective Date, renewable automatically unless terminated under Section 18
The Term will commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and      will remain in effect, unless sooner terminated under paragraphs 5.2, 5.3,      or 5.4, until the termination date specified in Exhibit A.
September 30, 1997
This Agreement shall have an initial term of one (1) year from the date first above written (the "Initial Term"), and shall thereafter automatically renew for successive two (2) year periods (each a "Renewal Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The  term of this  Agreement  shall  be two (2)  years  from the          Effective  Date with  automatic  annual  renewals  thereafter  provided          either  party does not provide  sixty (60) days  notice of  termination          prior to the renewal date or the Agreement is not otherwise  terminated          as set forth in Section 8.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) calendar years from the Agreement date.
The term of this  Agreement  shall be ten (10)                            years (the "Term")  which shall  commence on the date                            upon which the Company  delivers to  Distributor  the                            last Sample, as defined  hereinafter.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date          first above written and shall terminate on 31 December 2006, unless          sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years from the date first set forth above and shall thereafter automatically renew for additional two (2) year terms unless a party provides the other party with notice of non-renewal no less than 6 months prior to the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term unless earlier terminated as follows
April 15, 2000 through October 15,                                 2000 (6 Months from the Effective Date)
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) years from the Effective Date and shall thereafter be automatically renewed for subsequent one (1) year periods unless either party notifies the other in writing of its election not to renew the Agreement at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the expiration of the then-current term.
Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until terminated by either Party upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice.
This contract shall be for a term of one year commencing on the date first above written; thereafter, it shall automatically continue until terminated by either party upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for 3 years (the "Initial Term") commencing on the date first set forth above (the "Commencement Date") and ending on the 3rd anniversary of the Commencement Date.
The Term of this Agreement shall be for a period of [* ****] years and [*****] months commencing the 1st day of September 2004 and terminating the [*****] day of [*****].
The term of the license hereby granted shall commence August 1, 1995 and continue until January 30, 2000, unless sooner terminated in the manner provided in the immediately succeeding sentence or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
Unless otherwise provided for in this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall be three years, commencing on the date of this Agreement and expiring on the third anniversary date of this Agreement (the "Termination





Date").
The PartyANY agrees to a one year engagement to contract the Party to      speak at the company meetings and seminars along with endorsement of the      Company products.
Notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement shall terminate upon the Trust's payment to the Company of the sum of the aggregate amount of the premiums paid under the Policy since inception (which amount includes the outstanding principal balance of the Demand Note).
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing on                   January 1, 2000 and concluding December 31, 2003, unless                   terminated sooner as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall extend from the date of          execution hereof through and until _______, unless extended by written          agreement of the parties.
The term of this Agreement shall commence January 1, 1996, and shall continue for a period of three (3) years, concluding December 31, 1998.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing as of May 31, 1999 and concluding May 31, 2000.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Article 13, shall continue in full force and effect, on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the Secondary Royalty Term with respect to such Product expires, at which time this Agreement shall expire in its entirety with respect to such Product in such country.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and unless terminated earlier by mutual written agreement of the Parties or pursuant to Section 9.2 (Termination At Will) or Section 9.3 (Termination for Cause) below, the term of this Agreement shall continue in effect until Party ceases development and commercialization of Plazomicin ("Term").
Except as provided in Sections 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, and 6.5, this Agreement shall terminate one (1) year from the Rig Release Date, if such has not been terminated sooner pursuant to the provisions hereof.
The term of this Agreement shall be for 10 years commencing on the date of execution of this Agreement by AIRSOPURE.
The Term shall begin on the Effective Date and will end, without further notice, on the Expiration Date set forth in the Addendum, unless terminated earlier under the terms of this Agreement.<omitted>Expiration Date: at midnight on the last day of the month fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date
The term of this Agreement starts on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is earlier terminated in accordance with its provisions, will expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date.
You must operate the Franchise at a mutually agreeable site (the "Premises") to be identified after the signing of this Agreement, and to use the System and the Marks in the operation of that Franchise, for a term of 10 years (the "Initial Term")
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, this Agreement will expire on _______________________________________.
This Agreement shall be effective as of that date (the "Effective Date") the Site becomes fully operational as set forth in writing and executed by both Parties and shall continue for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date.
This Agreement will be effective beginning on 12:01 a.m., Location Time, on the day after the date of last signature to these Base Terms ("Effective Date") and ending on the expiration and/or termination of all Service Option Attachments, unless the Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and will           terminate on the third anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"),           unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreemen
This Agreement will take effect on the Effective Date and remain in effect for a period of 1 year; provided, that Sections 2 and 3 level shall terminate promptly upon (a) any action or omission by Client or any of its customers which constitutes a breach of or default by Party under any System Agreement or Credit Repository Agreement, which breach or default has either not been cured or cannot be cured within the applicable cure period and the consequences of which is that Party will lose material rights it had pursuant to said Agreements or (b) any violations or breach by Client of Sections 8a - 8c.
This agreement shall be for a term of five years from the date of this document.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date         and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of         five (5) years.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date          and, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, shall continue in          full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.
"Term" means the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and continuing thereafter indefinitely until this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 10 below.
Subject to early termination of this Agreement pursuant to Sections 7.2, 7.3 or 7.4, this Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue until the expiration or earlier termination of the Development and License Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid for a period of five (5) years with automatic renewal of one year thereafter until terminated<omitted>by either party with one (1) year written notice prior to the expiration of the initial period or any extension period thereof.
Unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 12.2 below, the initial term of this Agreement shall expire on 31 December 2024 (the "Initial Term") unless the Parties mutually agree in writing any extension to the Initial Term.
This Agreement shall have a term of four (4) years from the effective date first set forth above, and shall automatically renew for additional one year terms unless earlier terminated by either party.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall extend for a period of Five (5) years thereafter ("Initial Term"), unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein or is extended by mutual written agreement of the Parties.
Unless terminated earlier as provided herein, this Agreement shall terminate on the date three (3) years from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement is three years from and including the date of this Agreement (the "Initial Term"), with automatic renewal for additional successive one-year terms (each a "Renewal Term" and together wit the Initial Term, the "Term") unless no later than [* * *] days prior to the end of the Initial Term, or any Renewal Term either party notifies the other that it wishes to terminate this Agreement effective the end of the Initial Term or that Renewal Term, as applicable.
Except as otherwise set forth in Sections 9.2 and 9.3 or Exhibit A hereof, the term of this Agreement shall be eighteen (18) months ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for a period of one year from the date of its execution and from year to year thereafter provided such  continuance is specifically approved by a majority of the trustees of the Trust who (i) are not "interested persons" of the Trust or any other party  to this Agreement, as defined in the 1940 Act, and (ii) have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of this Agreement ("Non- Interested Trustees").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3 of this Agreement, shall  continue until the twentieth (20th) anniversary of the Effective Date; provided, however, (i) Operator shall have the right to terminate this  Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Owner, if Operator provides a substitute operator acceptable to Owner,  as determined in its reasonable discretion, who (A) has experience operating similar assets, (B) has the ability to provide at least the same quality  of service as Operator, (C) has the financial ability to perform the obligations hereunder, and (D) is ready, willing and able to execute an operation  and maintenance agreement substantially similar to this Agreement and acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, and  (ii) Owner shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Operator.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 8, this        Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
To the extent not terminated previously        by Party pursuant to the foregoing, this Agreement will terminate        automatically one year after the closing of any sale of the Company by        Party, and all provisions hereof will be of no further force and effect.
It shall be effective on 06 October 2000 and shall have a duration of two       years.
Subject to termination pursuant to this Agreement, the Non Exclusive license granted by Licensor to Licensee shall be for an initial  period of 36 months, commencing from the acceptance date, (the "Initial Period").
This Agreement and the license granted under this Agreement shall remain in effect perpetually as long as fees are paid by Party in accordance with the Fee Schedule and the Agreement is not otherwise terminated in accordance with this Section.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for an initial period of five years until terminated  in the manner described in Clause 16 below.
In addition, Party may terminate this Agreement with effect from the 3rd, 4th or 5th  anniversary of the Commencement Date by giving not less than six months notice in writing to Party
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Services Commencement Date and remain effective for ten (10) years (the "Initial Term")  unless terminated in accordance with its terms.
This Agreement  shall become  effective on the Effective Date and shall          continue in operation for at least a period of  twenty-five  (25) years          (hereinafter  called "Initial Period") after the RFCS Date and shall be          terminable  thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
This Agreement shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of: (i) the date on which the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement equal $5,000,000; (ii) the Release Date (as defined in Section 19) or (iii) payment in full, in cash, of all Obligations and the termination of the Financing Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement is less than $5,000,000 and any payment, or any part thereof, on account of any of the Obligations is invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Agent or the Lenders upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or reorganization of any Borrower or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for any Borrower, or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Article 9.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date and year first above written and shall continue in operation for at least an initial period of twenty-five (25) years following the RFS Date (hereinafter referred to as "initial Period") and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
Subject to the provisions of this AGREEMENT, and with effect from the date   when the party signing last in time appends its signature to this agreement ("the   effective date"), and enduring in perpetuity unless terminated as provided for   elsewhere in this AGREEMENT, SAP AFRICA grants, and Party accepts a   non-exclusive, non-transferable licence to USE the SOFTWARE,   DOCUMENTATION and other SAP AFRICA PROPRIETARY INFORMATION at   the specified DESIGNATED SITE within the TERRITORY.
The licence granted hereunder shall become effective upon execution of this   AGREEMENT by both parties and shall endure indefinitely unless terminated   under clause 6. 2.
Upon expiration of that 12 months,           Party affords the Customer the opportunity of a continuation of support           on an annual basis as follows: The Initial Term of this Technical           Infrastructure Maintenance Agreement is twelve months, commencing on           the Effective Date.
This Agreement commences on the date first above written, and will remain in effect for the period of five (5) years, except as otherwise provided herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 7, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, shall continue for the duration of the Lease, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3.
The initial period of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue until March 31, 2003.
This PartyMA shall expire upon the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the Effective Date and (ii) the date that all Shares of Stock of the Seller Trusts as set forth on Schedule A hereto have been sold (the "Term").
The Term will be 3 years from Effective Date with an automatic 2 year term extensions unless otherwise advised by one of the Parties.
This Agreement between Party and Party shall be in effect beginning the last date of execution set forth on the signature page to the Agreement (the "Effective Date") to which this Quality Agreement is Exhibit 2 and remain in effect until Party and Party terminate the Agreement or it is superseded by a revised Quality Agreement executed by both parties.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue unless and until terminated as provided herein.
Subject to Article 22.2, this Agreement shall remain in force for an Initial Period of 1 year, which may be renewed by mutual consent for such period as the Parties may agree ("Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement or for any of the following reasons:
This Agreement begins on the Effective Date and shall continue indefinitely unless sooner terminated as provided in this Article 5.
This Agreement shall terminate as to the Remarketing Agent and its obligations hereunder with respect to VRRM-Party Shares upon the earliest to occur of (a) the effective date of the resignation or removal of such Remarketing Agent pursuant to Section 5(a) and Section 5(b), respectively, (b) the completion of a successful Transition Remarketing on a New Mode Commencement Date in connection with transition to a new Mode, or (c) the date on which no VRRM-Party Shares are Outstanding.
In addition, the<omitted>obligations of the Remarketing Agents may be terminated by them by notice given to the Company prior to 12:00 noon, Location time on the Remarketing Settlement Date if, prior to that time, any of the applicable conditions precedent to the obligations of the Remarketing Agents described in Section 5 hereof shall have failed to occur.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to earlier termination in accordance with the provisions of Section 16, shall continue in force for a period being the longer of fifteen (15) years from first Commercial Launch of the Product in the Territory or until  the expiration of the last valid claim in the PPI Patents covering the Product in any country of the Territory (the "Initial Term").
In addition, the obligations of the Remarketing Agent  hereunder may be terminated by it by notice given to the Company prior to 5:00 p.m. (Location time) on the date immediately preceding the  Commencement Date if, prior to that time, any of the events described in Sections 6(i), (j) or (k) shall have occurred.
This Agreement shall terminate (i) the Business Day immediately following the Remarketing Settlement Date, (ii) at 5:00  p.m., Location time, on the last date of the Remarketing if the Remarketing is not successful or (iii) on the effective date of the resignation or  removal of the Remarketing Agent and the appointment of a new Remarketing Agent.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Agreement or extended by mutual agreement between the parties, shall continue in effect for thirty six (36) months following the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall be effective on the later of the dates that it is executed by Party (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate pursuant to the terms of the SOW (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided in this Agreement, the initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period beginning on the Effective Date and ending ten (10) years thereafter unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall be five years commencing on the Effective Date and ending at the close of business on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement shall commence with the first race             ----- of the 1998 Winston Cup season and shall continue until the final race of the  year-2000 Winston Cup season.
The term of this Agreement will begin on December 15, 1997                   and will end the later of (i) December 15, 1999 or (ii)                   Party's delivery of all of the guaranteed Click-throughs                   described in Section 1(f).
This Agreement shall  terminate and,  subject to the provisions set forth below, be of no further  force or effect on the exercise by the Sponsor of its right to terminate  this Agreement as provided in subsection  6.2,  provided that, in any event,  sections  3, 7 and 8 and, in the event that such  termination  occurs by virtue of paragraph  6.2(b),  subsection 2.5 shall not terminate  (except as set forth  therein)  and shall  continue in full force and effect for the benefit of the Sponsor or the other parties to this Agreement, as the case may be.
The term (the "Term") shall commence on November 1, 2007 and end on October 31, 2008 (unless terminated earlier in accordance with the General Provisions).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force and effect until one (1) year subsequent to the Effective Date, provided however, that Tickets may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon thirty (30) days' notice to Party at any time prior to the expiration of sixty (60) days subsequent to the Effective Date.
This term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and terminates on August 2nd, 2015 upon completion of event.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for six (6) months.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue in effect for a period of five (5) years (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner  terminated in accordance with the provisions set out herein.
This Agreement shall continue in force for a term           of twelve (12) months from the Effective Date, unless terminated           earlier under the provisions of this Article 8 (the "Term"); PROVIDED           that Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any           time after the Effective Date upon not less than fifteen (15) days'           prior written notice to Reseller.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for an Initial Term of five (5) years, and will automatically renew for additional periods of five (5) years unless one Party notifies the other of its intention not to renew, no less than 12 months prior to the expiration of the then-current term, unless terminated as permitted under this Agreement.
This Agreement comes into force as of the Effective Date and shall remain valid during the term of the Party.
This Supply Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue for a period of [***] unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Supply Agreement.
Unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.2 below, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a FIVE (5) year period.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of its execution and shall remain in force for three years (the "Initial Term").
The term of this Supply Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date first set forth above and shall remain in effect until the later of (a) July 31, 2021 or (b) the date that the Parties enter into the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement and Party is supplying to PartyVax each Product under the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement (the "Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with Section 10.2.
The term of this Agreement will commence upon the Effective Date and will continue until the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated or extended under this Article 8 (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of             the Party, unless terminated as set out herein, shall continue up             to and including 28 February 2000 ("the Initial Term").
This Development Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and continue for four (4) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section  10.2, or unless the parties extend the term by mutual written Development Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement will be in effect for one year from the Effective Date and will automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods unless terminated as provided below.
This Agreement shall be effective           through and including March 31, 2004.
This Agreement shall be effective until the earlier of (a) its termination in accordance with the provisions of this Article 14 or (b) the date that is two (2) years after the date of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement will renew automatically for successive terms of one (1) year each unless a party to this Agreement delivers written notice of termination to the other party to this Agreement at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the original or any renewal term or the parties to this Agreement do not agree in writing to the Quota Amount referred to in subsection 14.2(b)(1) for any one (1) year renewal term at least sixty (60) days prior to the commencement of such term.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on January 1, 2000 and continue for an initial period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 7 hereof, and may be renewed under Section 8 hereof (the initial period plus any renewal period, the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This agreement shall begin upon the date of its execution by MA and acceptance in writing by Company and shall remain in effect until the end of the current calendar year and shall be automatically renewed for successive one (1) year periods unless otherwise terminated according to the cancellation or termination provisions contained in paragraph 18 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall terminate on June 30, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement commences as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to any express provision of this Agreement, shall continue until five (5) years following the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b) [Term and Termination].
The term of this Agreement shall be effective as of the date first stated above and shall continue for a term of three (3) years, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement (the "Term"); provided, however, that PrimeCall may elect to terminate this Agreement, upon thirty (30) days' written notice, at any time from and after the time that collectively RSL Communications, Ltd. and/or its Affiliates holds less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of DeltaThree's outstanding shares.
This Agreement will become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated pursuant to Sections 3.1<omitted>, shall remain effective for two (2) years from and after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This agreement shall commence as of date first above written, and shall Continue through December 31, 2004 ("the Term").
The Term shall commence on July 23, 2013 and shall expire on July 22, 2016, unless otherwise terminated earlier pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall have an Initial Term of three (3) years.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for a period of five years following the initial date of execution of the Memorandum, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 6.2 or Section 2.8 ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall begin as of the Effective Date and continue until Acceptance of all Deliverables for Milestones #1 and #2 pursuant to Section 3.4 and completion of Milestone #3, unless earlier terminated under Section 8.2, as provided for under the Other Agreements, or as mutually agreed by the Parties.
The term of this Agreement shall automatically become effective upon the occurrence of (i) ETON executing a commercial supply agreement with a contract manufacturing organization within forty-five (45) days of the Execution Date, provided that ETON has exercised best efforts to execute such agreement and the failure to execute is solely caused by the refusal or inability of the proposed manufacturing organization to sign a reasonable agreement; and (ii) acceptance for review of the Dossier or marketing application for [ * * * ] by the FDA no later than September 2, 2019 (such date, the "Effective Date") and shall end upon the termination or expiration of the Agreement as set forth in Section 11 (the "Term").
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Article, this Agreement will continue in full force beginning on the Effective Date and ending two (2) years thereafter ("Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the longer of the first anniversary of the Effective Date or the duration of the Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement (the "Term").
This agreement begins on the Commencement Date and, subject to clause 11.2, shall continue for an initial term of one (1) years (Initial Term) and indefinitely after that until terminated by either party giving at least twelve (12) months' prior written notice to expire on or after the expiry date of the initial term.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date first written above and shall continue in effect for a period of Three (3) years.
This Agreement shall become effective upon the date first written above and shall remain in full force and effect for a period of two years (2), unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions in this Agreement.
Unless terminated earlier as provided in this agreement, this Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms hereo
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and automatically renewing annually thereafter, unless either party provides a thirty-day notice of written termination one to the other ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of four (4) years, commencing on the Effective Date, which term may be extended for up to three (3) years by written agreement of both Parties prior to the expiration date of the initial term or any extension thereof (collectively, the "Term").
The term of the Franchise shall be twenty (20) years, commencing on January 1, 2016.
The term of this Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue until terminated as hereinafter provided (the "Term").
Terms of the project: 12 weeks from February 8, 2018 to May 3, 2018
This Agreement shall come into force on the Date of the Agreement, and shall, subject to article 18, remain in full force and effect for an initial period of *** from the Commercial Launch Date.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for one (I) year, unless earlier terminated as expressly provided in Sections 1.3. 10.1. or 10.2 of this Agreement (the *Initial Term")
This Agreement will remain in effect for Thirty-six (36)<omitted>months following the Hosting Service Ready Date ("Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Article XVI, this IP Agreement and the licenses granted herein will continue in effect from the Effective Date until the expiration of the last to expire of the Patents and any additional period of time thereafter that any of the Patents remain enforceable such as in the United States where a party can sue for infringement after a patent expires and seek damages for any infringement of the patent during the six years immediately preceding the filing of a suit for infringement.
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate on December 31, 2034 (such period, including as may be extended in accordance with the subsequent sentence, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article 11, shall expire on the last day of the Royalty Term.
This term of this Agreement shall commence on the EFFECTIVE DATE and shall continue, in each country, until the date of expiration of the last to expire patent within PATENT RIGHT(S) in that country.
The "Term" of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration or earlier termination of the last Addendum to expire or be terminated, at which time this Agreement will expire, unless this Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") (a) shall commence on the first day of the Warranty Period for the first Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation and (b) shall, unless terminated earlier under Section 4.1 of this Agreement or unless extended by mutual agreement of the Parties, terminate on the date that is the last day of the Warranty Period for the last Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation.
Subject to all other terms and conditions set forth herein, as of the date of this agreement, LEADER maintain the software for an additional five years.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of year as of the Effective Date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated, shall continue in full force and effect for a period of [***] years thereafter.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect for an initial term of **** from the Supply Commencement Date of the Product ("Initial Term").
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Facility Addendum, this Agreement (a) shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of four (4) years from such date (the "Initial Term" of this Agreement), unless sooner terminated pursuant to Section 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 or 7.7, and (b) may be extended for up to three (3) additional periods of twelve (12) months (each, an "Extension Period") by written notice given by Customer to Manufacturer not less than twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Extension Period, as the case may be.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the 60th day following a written notice from one party to the other of its decision to terminate this Agreement at the end of such 60-day period or upon termination of the applicable Distribution Agreement with respect to a Fund.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on the date hereof (the "Commencement Date"), and will continue until the earlier of (i) December 31, 2022, (ii) the termination or expiration of the Studio Lease (defined below), (iii) election to terminate and notice thereof given by Programmer to Licensee, and (iv) mutual written consent of Licensee and Programmer (the "Term"), unless extended or earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11 hereof.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a period of five (5) years from the Reseller's first purchase order for Product issued to Todos (the "Initial Term"), unless terminated earlier by one of the parties in accordance with the terms of this Section 11.
The term of this JSMA shall commence on May 1, 2020 (the "Commencement Date") and ends at April 30, 2029 (the "Term"), with automatic renewals each for a period of five (5) years (a "Renewal Term") unless notice is given pursuant to 5.2.
Unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of Section ​12, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until July 31, 2019 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid until the [* * *] (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue to be in full force and effect for so long as Photronics and DNP, or any of their Affiliates, each remains a Shareholder of the Company.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect through December 31, 2021 and any Renewal Term (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier as set forth herein.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 12, shall extend until the four (4) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on September 10, 2015 and shall continue for One (1) Year (the "Term").
This Agreement becomes effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 11, shall continue until the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect for an initial period of 1 year ("Initial Term").
This term of this Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereto shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in perpetuity (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions contained herein.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of twelve (12) full calendar months ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term"), unless mutually extended by written agreement of the Parties or unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall commence effective as of the date hereof and shall expire on December 31, 2028.
This Agreement shall continue until January 18, 2022, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods ending on January 18th of each year, provided such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (a) the Fund's Board of Trustees and (b) a vote of a majority (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund's Trustees who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of the Plan, in this Agreement, or any agreement related to the Plan (the "Qualified Trustees"), by vote cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting on such approval.
With respect to each of the Services, the term thereof will be for a period commencing as of the date hereof, unless a different date is specified as the commencement date for any applicable Service on Exhibit A or Exhibit B (either, a "Commencement Date"), and shall continue until 12 months following the Commencement Date unless (i) such other date as is specified as the termination date for any applicable Service in this Agreement or on Exhibit A or Exhibit B, as applicable (the "Term") or (ii) earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement (a "Termination Date").
Cellco's appointment as custodian is effective as of the Initial Cutoff Date and will continue until the later of (i) the date on which all obligations of the Issuer have been paid in full and (ii) the date on which such appointment is terminated under this Section 3.10(f).
This Agreement will terminate on the earlier to occur of (a) the date upon which the last remaining Receivable is paid in full, settled, sold or written off and any amounts received are applied and (b) the Issuer is terminated under Section 8.1 of the Trust Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence as of April 1, 2018 (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon the later of: (a) the conclusion of the 2022/23 NFL season and (b) the last day in February, 2023 (such expiration date, the "Scheduled Expiration Date"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be valid for five (5) years from February 1, 2019 through January 31, 2024 unless this Agreement is terminated earlier pursuant to Section 14 (the "Term").
The term of this agreement will begin on April 1, 2018 and continue until April 30, 2018 at 11:59pm.
This agreement is for a term of ten (10) years.
This Agreement shall commence on March 15, 2018 and will expire on March 14, 2020 unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 13 of the Agreement (the "Term")
The Contract is valid for 5 years, beginning from and ended on .
The "Term" of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will end on the earlier of: (a) the first anniversary of the expiration date of the last Purchase Schedule (as defined in this next Section); (b) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party any time after the expiration of the last Purchase Schedule; or (c) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party as provided in Subsection 11(d) of this Agreement.
Termination Date: December 31, 2023
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the time periods set forth in Schedules 1 and 2 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and continues in perpetuity, unless termination occurs pursuant to Sections 4.2 through 4.4.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
The license granted to the Licensee under this Agreement shall continue perpetually
This Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
TERM: November 01, 2014 to October 31, 2017
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
Period of transportation services: this Agreement is valid for an indefinite term.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and unless earlier terminated as provided elsewhere in this Agreement, will end automatically upon the end of Year 3.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for one (1) year following the Launch Date, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
The Term shall commence on the date of this Agreement and, unless earlier terminated or extended as provided below, shall end as of December 31, 2000.
The term of this Agreement shall be for a period of two (2) years (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall end fifteen months therefrom.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon delivery of [**] to ebix, but in no way shall this Agreement extend any later than thirty (30) months from the Effective Date regardless of the number Filled Application Forms delivered to ebix. About will make commercially reasonable efforts to achieve that number in twelve (12) months or less from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end three (3) years from the date the Co-Branded Application becomes accessible to Excite@Home Members ("Launch Date").
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the date above, and shall continue for a term of one (1) year
Term shall mean the Effective Date through June 15, 2001 and any Renewal Term (as defined in paragraph 7.4 herein.)
INITIAL TERM shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the second anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11.
Initial Term shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the fourth anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8
This Agreement shall be effective upon the ------------------- Effective Date and shall remain in force for a period of one (1) year, and shall be automatically renewed for successive periods of one (1) year unless otherwise terminated as provided herein.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in force for three years from the Launch Date (the "Initial Term") unless earlier
"Launch Date" means the first date on which the Service is made publicly available.<omitted>This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date and will continue in effect for 2 years following the Launch Date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall ----------------------- commence on the Effective Date and end on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the date that the Affiliate Registration Form is approved by Chase and will end when terminated by either party.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of five (5) years from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term") after which this Agreement may be extended on mutual agreement of the parties (a "Renewal Term," and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
This Agreement will remain in force for perpetuity or until and unless otherwise mutually agreed or amended in writing by both parties.
The term of this Agreement will begin upon acceptance of Affiliate's Program application and will end when terminated by either party of this Agreement.
This Agreement is entered into for an unlimited period of time.
This Agreement shall be for the term of one year; thereafter, the Agreement shall renew automatically under these same terms and agreements unless superceded by future agreements.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until either Party informs the other Party with thirty (30) day prior written notice of termination of this Agreement.
The "Initial Term" shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire on March 31, 2011.
The term ("Term") of this Agreement shall be for one hundred eighty days (180) from the date set forth below unless Network 1 or Visa or MasterCard or Harris Bank doesn't approve Affiliate's ISO application, in which case, the Term will be 3 years.
Unless sooner terminated under the provisions hereof, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of one (1) year ("Term"). provided however, that the Parties may extend the Term for an additional year period by entering into an written addendum of the Agreement extending such term.
"CONTRACT PERIOD" means that period of time commencing upon the full execution of this Agreement by both Parties and terminating on May 31, 2016 unless sooner terminated under this Agreement.
All terms of this Agreement will automatically commence on November 1st, 2017, and expire on November 2nd, 2020.
"Term" means: 1.5t January 2013 to 315t December 2013 or until terminated under the provisions of this Agreement or the Primary Agreement.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time from February 21, 2011 through December 31, 2012.
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and ending on February 19, 2013 ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for two years from the date hereof, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (A) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund and (B) the vote of a majority of the Fund's directors who are not parties to this Agreement or "interested persons" (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Fund Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the Investment Fund Act.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this ARTICLE 13, shall remain in effect on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the expiration of the Royalty Term applicable to such Product and country (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect until the expiration of the Sublicense Agreement, unless earlier termination by pursuant to the terms of this Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4 of this Agreement, will continue until the expiration of the Warranty Period as defined in subsection 9(a) of this Agreement.
Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, the Parties' respective rights and obligations under this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force for ten (10) years after the First Commercial Sale of the first Licensed Product, and shall thereafter automatically renew for an unlimited period of time unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Section 15.2.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein, unless earlier terminated by either party, this Agreement shall expire on ______, 20___, and all rights of Developer herein shall cease and all unapplied or unused Development Fees paid pursuant to Section 3 hereof shall be forfeited to Franchisor.
Unless terminated pursuant to Section 10 or 11 below, it shall expire upon the earlier of the date specified in Exhibit "B" or upon the opening of the last El Pollo Loco® Restaurant listed in the Development Schedule.
Dr. Murray's obligations set out herein shall be performed from the Effective Date until December 31, 2018 (the initial "Services Term").
Except as otherwise stated herein as pertaining only to a Services Term, this Agreement shall remain in effect for ten years, unless terminated in accordance with Sections 6.1 (a) or 6.2(b).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance herewith, shall continue in force and effect until (a) the date of expiration of the last Royalty Term for the last Licensed Product, or (b) the expiration of the License Option Period and the failure of AbbVie to exercise the License Option (such period, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") will begin on the date this Agreement is signed by the last signatory ("Effective Date") and remain in effect for [***]; provided, however, that the terms of this Agreement shall remain applicable to any SOW that was executed by the Parties prior to the expiration or termination of this Agreement but whose period of performance extends beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue thereafter for a period of twelve (12) months (the "Initial Term").
The Term shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of five (5) years.
The term "Term" shall mean an initial term of five years, automatically renewable thereafter for successive 5-year terms unless either party provides prior written notice of termination not less than 90 days prior to the end of such five-year term; provided, however, T&B shall have the right to terminate the license after the first year of the Term if LEA does not conduct the Business so as to meet the Cash Sales benchmarks set by the parties for years two through five of the Term, as set forth in Section 3.3, below.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless the Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will come into effect on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force for ten (10) years from the Launch (the "Initial Term"), or the date of expiry of the last valid patent of the Licensed Product, whichever comes later, subject to clauses 19.2, 19.3, 19.4 and 19.5 hereunder
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will commence on the Effective Date and will expire upon the earliest of (i) termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 14.2, or (ii) the date of payment of the last Approval Payment due based on all applicable Regulatory Approvals which have been received.
The term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article XII, shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration of Sanofi's payment obligations under Article IX or the Profit/Loss Share Agreement, whichever is later (the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 14 hereof (the "Term").
This Agreement commences on the date it is executed and shall continue until full performance by both parties, or until earlier terminated by one party under the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will be for the maximum period of six (6) months beginning for the commencement date, renewable in accordance with the terms hereof, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.
This Agreement will be in effect for three (3) years from the Effective Date ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Unless otherwise stated in the Appendix the term of this letter Agreement shall continue for twenty-four (24) months with the effective date unless terminated sooner or extended pursuant to the terms hereof ("Initial Term")
Contract end: 04-01-08
The initial term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and end twelve (12) months after the Launch (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b).
This Agreement and the provisions hereof, except as otherwise provided, shall be in full force and effect commencing on the date of execution by both Parties and shall extend for an initial term of two (2) years.
This Agreement will become effective as of the last date of signature (Effective Date) and shall, unless sooner terminated as provided below or as otherwise agreed, remain effective for an initial term of 10 Years following the first date of public availability of the PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Content within a THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION Property (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the date on which it is signed and affixed with the corporate seals by the authorized representative of each Party and have a term of five (5) years commencing as of the effective date hereof.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, except as set forth in Subsection (ii), continue in full force and effect through the Delivery Period.
This agreement will be in effect until the end of 2006 and will be evaluated at that time.
This Agreement shall take effect from the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect for twenty (20) years thereafter, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Clause 8.
Expiration Date: August 31, 2006
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on the Expiration Date set forth above (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 3(b).
The Term of the Agreement is hereby extended to January 20, 2012 unless sooner terminated as provided for in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be in effect until March 18. 2021, unless sooner terminated by either party upon (30) days written notice, without cause.
This contract shall remain in effect initially for the five (5) year term ("Initial Term") from the date signed and shall be automatically extended for one (1) year periods after the Initial Term ("Renewal Term") unless (i) either party provides written notice of its intention not to renew the Agreement within 180 days prior to any Renewal Term; or (ii) this Agreement is otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms of this Section 12.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate in _____________, on _____________, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement may be renewed for successive one (1) year periods if STAAR and Distributor expressly agree in writing and in their sole discretion to renew this Agreement prior to the foregoing termination date or any successive renewal term.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until September 1, 2045, unless earlier terminated by either Party pursuant to this Article 12 (the "Term").
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, all rights and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect for a period of eighteen (18) months after the initial theatrical release of that Property.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, including Robots, Kingdom of Heaven, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, In Her Shoes, Idiocracy (Oww My Balls) and Ice Age II, all right and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect until March 31, 2008."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Term") is the Effective Date through March 15, 2022.
This Agreement expires ten (10) years from the Agreement Date (the "Term"), unless it is terminated sooner as provided in other sections of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided under this Agreement, shall terminate five (5) years following the date of launch of the first Website, but in no event later than February 28, 2013 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue thereafter for a period of two (2) years, unless extended by written agreement of both parties or sooner terminated as set forth below.
This Agreement and the license granted herein shall remain effective until terminated.
Unless otherwise provided herein, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue through the completion or termination of Developer's services and work product as mutually agreed upon between the Parties (the Project).
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Commencement Date and will continue through December 31, 2022 or until this Agreement is otherwise terminated in accordance with its provisions ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate automatically without notice on December 31, 2022, unless the Parties agree in writing to extend the term of the Agreement (the initial term and any renewal terms are referred to collectively herein as the "Term").
This Second Amendment shall be effective from The Second Amendment Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2021.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue for a period of three (3) years therefrom (the "Term").
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue until termination as provided below.
This Agreement is for a term (the "Term") of 12 months from the Effective Date on June 1s t 2020 and expiring May 31st 2021.
This Agreement shall be in full force and effect commencing on January 2, 2020 and shall remain in effect for one (1) year or until Consultant completes the services requested
The term of this Agreement shall commence on January 10th, 2019 and shall expire on the day that is twenty-four (24) months from that date (the "Term of Engagement") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Term: twelve (12) months from the date of the Agreement which term shall automatically renew for an additional twelve (12) months on such date if the Agreement is not otherwise terminated according to Section 8 of the Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be the sooner of six (6) months from the Effective Date, or replacement of this Agreement with a subsequent agreement between the Parties.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the four-year anniversary of the Effective Date (such period, as it may be extended, either by the mutual written agreement of the parties or automatically, or earlier terminated being referred to as the "Consultation Period"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4, and shall automatically renew for successive one-year periods, unless the Company provides 90 days' notice of termination before any such successive period.
The term of this Agreement is for a period of five (5) years (the "Term") commencing on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the termination provisions of this Agreement, ending on January 31, 2025.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall expire twenty (20) years from the effective date of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
The term of this Agreement for the Hosted Site shall commence upon April 1, 1999 and shall continue for a period of six (6) months, unless earlier terminated in accordance with provisions hereof.
This Agreement shall continue in effect from the Effective Date for a one (1) year period, unless earlier terminated as set forth below, and thereafter shall renew automatically for successive one (1) year periods unless either party gives the other party at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of its intent not to renew the Agreement.
The effective term is 12 months beginning March 1, 2005 and ending February 28, 2006.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a period of 12 months thereafter (the "Period") in full force and effect until it is terminated in accordance with this Section 3.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated under this Article, shall continue in effect until the Conversion Date (the "Term"); provided that, with respect to any LMG Tools identified in Exhibit A as having a license term beyond the Conversion Date, TAG's License to, and LMG's obligation to provide LMG Services for, such LMG Tools shall survive for the period specified in Exhibit A.
The term of this Agreement is for ten (10) years commencing on the date of this Agreement, unless terminated as provided by this Agreement.
The obligations of the Agent pursuant to this Agreement shall terminate upon termination of the Offering, but in no event later than 45 days after the completion of the Subscription Offering (the "End Date").
The initial term of this Agreement is one (1) year from the date of delivery of the Product to Licensee unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
1 April 2009
The maintenance is for a period of one (1) year commencing upon expiration of the initial one (1) year term of the License/Services Schedule.
XIMAGE's obligations hereunder shall become effective upon the "Effective Date" and, unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall remain in full force and effect for at least one year thereafter.
This Agreement be deemed effective as of the Effective Date, Agreement and shall terminate on December 31, 2020, unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 3.2.
This Agreement shall continue in force until the earlier to occur of (i) the Owner no longer owns any Receivables or Participation Interests, and (ii) subject to Section 7(d), the delivery of written notice of termination by the Owner to the Servicer pursuant to Section 7(c), in each case upon which event this Agreement shall automatically terminate unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Servicer and the Owner.
Agent's appointment hereunder shall commence on the next business day after the later of (i) the date hereof, or (ii) the date Agent has confirmed that Client's records have been converted to Agent's system (the "Effective Date"), and shall continue for three years thereafter (the "Initial Term").
In relation to each Fund, this Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (a) the expiration of the term of such Fund or (b) the date, if any, on which Oaktree US (or any affiliate it has substituted in its stead in accordance with such Fund's Fund Agreement) is removed as general partner of such Fund or (c) the Sub-Advisor ceasing to be authorised and regulated by the FCA.
This Agreement shall take effect on the date of signature of the Agreement by both parties and shall terminate when all obligations required of both parties hereunder are performed unless either terminated earlier or extended by the parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement subject to clause 4.0.
At any time that there is no uncompleted Statement of Work outstanding, either party may terminate this Agreement for any or no reason upon fifteen (15) days advance notice to the other.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof and shall continue until terminated by either party pursuant to Paragraph 6 hereof.
The term of this Services Agreement shall begin on the date of execution and shall continue in effect for a period of two years.
Subject to the provisions for termination hereinafter provided, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a minimum period of 12 months (the "Minimum Period") and thereafter upon the mutual agreement of the Company and Maimon (the "Service Term").
This Agreement shall terminate (a) at the option of any party, upon 90 days' advance written notice to the other parties hereto; or (b) in the event of a material breach that has not been cured within ten days following a written notice of breach to the breaching party.
This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by the Parties.
The Appointment may be terminated by either party giving the other at least 12 months' notice in writing.
Your employment shall commence on 26 September 2019 and shall continue unless and until either party gives notice to the other in accordance with paragraph 11 below.
This Agreement shall terminate immediately and automatically upon the termination of Company's Participation Agreement(s) with the Funds, and in such event no notice need be given hereunder.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
"Service Period" means April. 1st 2019 through to March 30, 2020<omitted>The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
Subject to earlier termination as provided below, this Service Agreement is for the total duration of the Company's Offering (the "Initial Term") unless either party requests termination at least 30 days prior to the end of the then-current term.
The Executive's employment with the Company will commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue, subject to the remaining terms of this Agreement, until terminated by either party giving the other the following minimum advance written notice: 2.1.1 6 weeks' notice; 2.1.2 such other longer period as required by law.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the day and year first above written and shall govern the relations between the parties hereto thereafter, unless terminated as set forth in this Section 6.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year, commencing January 1, 2008 and ending on December 31, 2008.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate at the end of the Exclusivity Period (i.e., a three (3) year period commencing on the Effective Date).
Subject to the provisions of Section 14 hereof, the term of this Agreement and the sponsorship described herein shall commence on January 1, 2010 and extend through December 31, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be four (4) Processing Years commencing on the Effective Date of this Agreement and ending on June 30, 2010 unless
This Agreement shall automatically terminate at and as of (the first to occur of): (a) 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on the 30th day after the Effective Date (if Purchaser has not commenced the Offer, with the unanimous consent of the Sponsors, by then); (b) the expiration of the Offer (if the Offer is not consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), subject to any extension or subsequent offering period; and (c) the expiration of the Interim Period (if the Offer is consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), in any case, unless sooner terminated by unanimous written consent of the Participating Sponsors; provided, however, that any liability for failure to comply with this Agreement shall survive any such termination.
Unless otherwise terminated as specified in this Section 12, the ---- term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and will not end until the later of (a) twelve (12) months from the Launch Date; or (2) the date Intuit displays a total of 176,717,916 Impressions in accordance with the terms set forth herein ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the "Effective Date" and shall continue for ten (10) Contract Years, unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 6 of this Agreement or extended by renewal by written agreement of the Parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 13(o) of this Agreement (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided for herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence as of the date hereof and shall terminate at the end of the Season which is scheduled to end on October 12, 2002 (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and conclude on October 31, 2010, unless renewed by agreement or sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
If the Launch Date has not occurred by August 31, 1999, Sponsor shall, in its sole discretion, be entitled to terminate this Agreement without any liability and receive a full refund of all amounts paid by Sponsor to drkoop.com pursuant to this Agreement prior to the date of such termination.
The initial term (the "Initial Term"; and together with all extensions and renewals, the "Term") will begin on the date set forth above * * * (the "Launch Date") on which: (i) each of the Sponsor Areas of the drkoop.com Website are operational in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (other than the e-commerce tile placements); and (ii) the links to the<omitted>Sponsor Website or Vitamin Buzz contained in the Sponsor logos or the Sponsor banner advertisements are established in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, subject to earlier termination as set forth in this Agreement.
In the event that Excite has not delivered XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX clickthroughs to the Client Site by the end of twelve (12) months after the Launch Date, the first year of the term of the Agreement will be extended without additional sponsorship and advertising fees for up to an additional four (4) months.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not end until Excite displays of a total of XXXXXXXXXXXXX impressions of Client's advertising banners and promotional placements on the Excite Site and Excite has made reasonable commercial efforts to deliver, at minimum, a goal of XXXXXXXX clickthroughs to the Client Site.
Regardless of Excite's actual delivery of impressions and clickthroughs, the term of this Agreement will not be shorter than two (2) years after the display of the first of Client's advertising banners and promotional placements, subject to the termination rights set forth below.
The initial production period shall be for a period of two (2) months to commence on November 4, 1998 (the "Production Period"), and the remaining term of this Agreement shall be for a period of twenty four (24) months to commence on the tentative launch date of January 4, 1999, unless terminated earlier as provided herein (the "Promotion Period"), (The Production Period and the Promotion Period shall be collectively referred to as the "Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and, unless terminated as provided herein, shall continue through November 30, 1998.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on July 19, 1999 and shall ---- thereafter continue until all above described Sponsor benefits are completed, but in no event beyond the end of the 1999 season (the "Term").
If Hydron does not timely exercise its right to terminate this Agreement, then Hydron agrees that this Agreement shall continue for the entire four (4) year term unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end on the second (2nd) anniversary of the Commencement Date.
Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall take effect on December 1st, 2015 and shall expire on November 30, 2016.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the specific terms of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not end until Excite displays a total of [*****] impressions of the Client advertising banners and promotional placements on the Excite Network as described in this Agreement and pushes [*****] emails using the email vehicles specified in Exhibit B
The services described herein to be provided by Agency shall begin upon execution and delivery of the Outsourcing Agreement and shall continue until termination of Contractor's activities to administer the Notes thereunder.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the date first set forth above, and shall continue in full force and effect until terminated as provided below.
The initial term ("Initial Term") of this Agreement shall be for one year commencing on the 1st day of May, 2006 ("Effective Date").
This agreement shall commence on January 20, 2014 (the "Effective Date") and shall continue in effect for six (6) months (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of the contracted agreement is 5 years from the commencement date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and extend for three (3) years thereafter ("INITIAL TERM"), with an automatic renewal for an indefinite period of time ("EXTENDED TERM"), unless terminated by the parties according to Sections 16.2. or 16.3. herein.
The term of this Agreement will commence on January 1, 1998 (the "Effective Date") and will end on December 31, 1998.
"Term" shall mean the period commencing on the Effective Date and terminating on the eighth anniversary of the Commencement Date, unless the Agreement is extended in accordance with its provisions.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on November 30, 2014 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall be valid for an indefinite period.
This Attachment and its Product Attachments shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in Section 5.0 of the Base Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in Section 5.0.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms hereof, the term of this Agreement shall end on the seventh anniversary of the date hereof.
This Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement will be for two (2) year(s) commencing on the Effective Date.
This Agreement is effective as of August 1, 2004, (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate on July 31, 2009, (the "Termination Date") unless earlier terminated or extended as provided for herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date unless sooner terminated pursuant to the termination provisions herein.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of 1 year after the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated as set forth herein (the "TERM").
This Amendment shall enter into force on the date of its signature by both Parties and, unless otherwise agreed upon in writing by the Parties through a subsequent amendment to the GMA, shall remain in force for the term of the referenced GMA.
The Agreement shall end on the End Date without any further action, unless otherwise provided under this Agreement.
"End Date" means the date on which this Agreement is terminated or expires, and shall be the earlier to occur of the following, as appropriate: (i) the end of the Initial Term as defined in Clause 3.1of this Agreement; or, (ii) the end of the term of each annual renewal of this Agreement as per Clause 3.2 of this Agreement; or, (iii) the date on which all or part of this Agreement is terminated as per Clause 16 ("Termination");
The Agreement enters into force on the Signing Date; it will have a duration of [*****] as from the Start Date (the "Initial Term").
The first paid (Initial) Maintenance Term shall commence upon expiration of the Warranty Period and shall continue for twelve (12) months thereafter.
This Agreement shall apply and remain in effect from the Effective Date and perpetually thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the Section entitled "Termination."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the date that payment is due for Minimum Payment Period 7, pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof and as set forth in Attachment B hereof, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
This Agreement shall come into force on the Effective Date and shall remain in force and effect for a period of [Redacted - Commercially Sensitive - Term Details] , unless this Agreement is extended or previously terminated in accordance with this clause 12, pursuant to clause 15.1 (Force Majeure), or (ii) by the mutual written consent of the Parties (the "Term").
The Agreement shall have an initial term of ten (10) years commencing from the Effective Date and ending on the tenth (10th) anniversary thereof (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of Section 15.2 or Section 15.3.
The "Term" shall begin on the date hereof and shall expire December 31, 2023, subject to early termination pursuant to the terms of Section 19. Flotek, may, by written notice given to FCC on or before September 30, 2023, elect for the Term to be extended to December 31, 2024.
TERM OF EXECUTION From January 30, 2012 until July 29, 2012
Subject to the General Terms and Conditions of Transporter's FERC Gas Tariff and Rate Schedule FTS/ITS, this Agreement shall be effective as of the date of physical completion of and initial deliveries on Transporter's pipeline and shall continue for a primary term of ten years.
This Agreement shall be effective from the date first above written and shall continue indefinitely until terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
The Agreement shall continue through the project's in-service date and for a period of fifteen (15) years after the project's in-service date ("Initial Term").
"Initial Term" means the period commencing on the Effective Date and concluding on the last day of the month in which the fifth anniversary of the Offtake Agreement Effective Date falls.
"Offtake Agreement" means that certain Crude Oil Sale and Purchase Agreement between the Principal and STASCO dated 1 November 1999.
This contract shall be effective as of November 1, 2002, and shall remain in force and effect, unless modified as per Exhibit B, until October 31, 2012.
"Royalty Term" means, with respect to sales of a Product in the Territory, the time period beginning on the First Commercial Sale of such Product in the Territory and expiring on the latest of the following dates: (a) *** (b) *** (c) ***<omitted>Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall continue in effect until the expiration of the Royalty Term as defined in Section 1.87 ("Term"), and thereafter Green Cross has no remaining payment obligations with respect to the Products pursuant to Section 8.5 above and MacroGenics shall have no further obligations hereunder.
The term of the agreement is 20 years, during which if any main equipment of any Party stops operation due to technical problem or at the end of its life cycle, the agreement shall be automatically terminated.
This Agreement shall come into force as of January 1, 2013 and remain valid for 1 year.
As of the effective date hereof, the original cooperation of mobile game business executed between the Parties shall terminate automatically.
Party A and Party B agree and confirm that the term of cooperation under this Agreement shall commence from the execution date hereof and end on the expiration date of the operation term of Party B ("Term of Cooperation").
Unless this Agreement is early terminated in accordance with this Agreement or other agreements signed by the Parties hereof, the term of the validity of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date.
"Intended End of Term" means the later of (a) the seventh (7th) anniversary of the Effective Date and (b) the date determined to be the "Intended End of Term" under Section 7.2.2(d) (Effects of Tolling).<omitted>This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms, including by Ginkgo pursuant to Section 7.3 (Buy-Down Election) or extended by the mutual written agreement of the Parties, shall continue until the Intended End of Term (such time period, as may be extended pursuant to this Section 13.3.1 (Term - General), the "Term"); provided that, if,<omitted>at the expiration of the Intended End of Term, Ginkgo has paid the Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitment, but will not have paid to BLI the Full Purchase Target, then the Term of this Agreement shall automatically extend for an additional [***] ([***]) year period from the date of the expiration of the then-Intended End of Term so that, among other things, BLI may potentially receive the benefit of the Full Purchase Target and Ginkgo may receive the continuing benefit of royalty-free licenses.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial term of three (3) years from the Promotion Commencement Date, divided into three one-year periods.
Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall commence effective June 1, 1998, and shall continue for a term of three (3) years expiring May 31, 2001 (the "Term").
"Term" means the earlier of: (a) the end of the two year period from the Effective Date to 31 July 2013; or (b) the last day of the calendar month within which the Maximum Distribution Commitment is reached.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as set out in this Agreement, shall continue for the Term.
This promotion shall begin on June 1,1999 and shall terminate June 1, 2000 (herein "Term")
The Joint Venture shall commence on the 1st of March, 2003, and shall be effective until February 28, 2004 unless extended by written agreement of the Joint Venturers not less than thirty (30) days prior to scheduled termination.
Except as otherwise provided herein, the term of this Agreement is three (3) years from the Execution Date ("Cooperation Period").
The term of this Agreement is twelve (12) months from the date hereof, and will be automatically renewed for one (1) additional twelve month period unless either party shall notify the other in writing of its intention not to renew.
This Agreement is effective as of the date hereof and shall remain in full force and effect for the period (the "Covered Period") commencing on the date hereof and ending on the date that is the earliest of: (i) the Company's failure to appoint the ValueAct Designee to the Board following the ValueAct Group's written request to the Company to have the ValueAct Designee appointed to the Board pursuant to Section 1(a) of this Agreement; (ii) the failure of the Company to comply in good faith with Section 1(e) of this Agreement; or (iii) the date which is the 60t h day prior to the Company's 2016 annual meeting of stockholders.
This Agreement shall take effect as of the Effective Date and shall expire upon completion of the Project as set forth in the Project Plan and after payment of all payments due and payable according to this Agreement, unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
"Expiration Date" means March 31, 2020.
The Joint Venture is a fixed term Joint Venture beginning November 27, 2018 and ending November 30th, 2019 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on February 1, 1998 and end on the first anniversary of the date of this Agreement; provided that (a) either party may terminate this Agreement, effective at any time after the first three months of the Term, by giving 30 days' written notice of termination to the other party, and (b) either party may terminate this Agreement at any time by giving written notice of termination to the other party, if the other party commits a material breach of its obligations hereunder that is not cured within 30 days after notice thereof from the non-breaching party.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue, unless terminated sooner in accordance with this Article VIII, until June 27, 2011 (the "Term").
This Agreement shall continue until terminated as provided herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated under the terms of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the Services to be provided with respect to any Account which is registered as an investment company under the 1940 Act (herein referred to as a "registered investment company") are services referred to in the definition of "investment advisor" under Section 202(a)(11) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (herein referred to as "investment advisory services"), then with respect to such Account, this Agreement: (i) shall not commence until the effective date of its approval by the board of directors or trustees ("Board") of such Account; (ii) shall continue from year to year thereafter, subject to the provisions for termination and all other terms and conditions hereof, only if such continuation shall be specifically approved at least annually by a majority of the Board, including a majority of the members of the Board who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons of any such party (other than as members of the Board) cast in person at a meeting called for that purpose; (iii) may be terminated at any time without the payment of any penalty by the Board or by a vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities (as defined in Section 2(a)(42) of the 1940 Act) of the Account on 60 days' written notice to the Adviser; (iv) shall automatically terminate in the event of (A) its assignment (as defined in the 1940 Act) or (B) termination of the Advisory Agreement for any reason whatsoever.
Subject to the remaining provisions of this Section, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the effective date first above written and shall continue until terminated by mutual agreement of the parties hereto or by either party on not less than 60 days' written notice to the other party hereto.
This Limited Power of Attorney shall be revoked and terminated automatically upon the cancellation or termination of the Services Agreement or as to any Fund upon the cancellation or termination of the Adviser's Investment Advisory Contract for such Fund.
Unless otherwise mutually agreed to by the Parties, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end upon expiration of the Term, unless terminated early as contemplated hereunder.
"Term" means, on a Country-by-Country and Collaboration Product-by-Collaboration Product basis, the period from the Effective Date until the later of (a) the expiration or termination of the last Valid Claim of a Patent Right covering the Pooled Compound in such Collaboration Product in such Country, and (b) fifteen (15) years from First Commercial Sale in such Country, unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with Article 14.
The term of the CDx Development Program shall be five (5) years.
The term for Database Insights under Section 3.1.8 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Database Insights Term").
The term "Agreement Term" shall mean the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is terminated sooner as provided in Article 17, expiring on the date when all work has been completed or terminated under all R&D Plans.
The initial term of the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program will be five (5) years beginning on the Effective Date.
The term for Sample Profiling set forth in Section 3.1.4 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Profiling Term").
This Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue for the Agreement Term.
The initial term of the ctDNA Platform Development Program will be twelve (12) months.
The initial term of this Agreement shall, unless sooner terminated by consent of all parties, expires in five (5) years from the date of Effective Date.
The Contract Term shall extend for a period of fifty (50) years.
This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date, and will continue until the expiration of the "Sales Term" as that term is defined in the Sales Dealer Agreement dated as of August 16, 2017 between Vivint and Vivint Solar Developer, LLC (the "Term")."
The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years, subject to the prior termination rights provided below.
Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, this Agreement continues in effect for an initial term of seven (7) years ("Initial Term") and will automatically renew for one or more annual periods after the Initial Term (each a "Renewal Term") unless either party gives notice of non-renewal at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the beginning of any Renewal Term.
The duration of this Venture (the "Term") will begin on March 1, 2020 and continue in full force and effect until February 28, 2025 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
This Amendment shall only become effective upon the VNBJ Closing with respect to Article 1.1 and the VNBZ Closing with respect to Article 1.2, and shall terminate without any force or effect in the event that the VNBJ SPA and the VNBZ SPA are terminated in accordance with the terms thereof.
This JV Agreement shall become effective on the signing date and shall have a duration of * years, extendable for a further * years, unless notice of non- renewal is sent one year before the natural expiry date.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of execution and shall continue in force and effect for an indefinite term thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the provisions of Article 16 or by all the Parties in writing.
This agreement shall terminate: a. Automatically if any public authority cancels or declines to renew the Agency's license or Certificate of Authority. b. Immediately if either party gives detailed written notice to the other of alleged gross and willful misconduct, fraud or material misrepresentation.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date hereof and shall terminate upon the termination of the Offering.
This Agreement will become effective as of the date first written above and will continue in effect thereafter until terminated pursuant to Paragraph 4.2 below.
This Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years commencing upon the Effective Date hereof unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement (the "Initial Term").
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the later to occur of the date that is (x) three (3) years from the date hereof and (y) the date on which an affiliate of Freedom Mortgage is not acting as the external manager of Cherry Hill.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years following the Effective Date or until the Studies are completed, whichever is later, unless extended or unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof.
Term: This Study Order will continue until the Study is completed, which is expected to be ________ (__) months after the Effective Date, or until terminated early as provided in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the date first set forth above and, shall expire on the later of (i) five (5) years from the date hereof, or (ii) with respect to any projects identified in any contract for which VET TECH is billing the client directly, upon the completion of COOL TECH's Services and receipt of payment by COOL TECH from VET TECH for said services.
Unless terminated sooner, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years thereafter (the "Initial Term") and shall automatically renew for additional one (1) year terms on the terms and conditions set forth herein (each a "Renewal Term" and collectively, the "Term") unless either party gives the other Party Notice of its intention to terminate this Agreement ninety (90) days before the end of the Initial Term or Renewal Term, if any.
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this ---- Agreement shall terminate on the later of (i) the third anniversary of the Effective Date or (ii) the date on which ETI ceases to be a Subsidiary of NTL.
THIS STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), made effective this 17t h day of February 2016, through February 16, 2019 (the "Initial Term") i
Either party may terminate this agreement after 3 years following the effective date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall remain in effect for a period of 5 years ("Initial Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years from the date of execution and may be extended subject to satisfactory agreement on ongoing commercial terms, to be agreed two (2) months prior to the expiration of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until the later of (a) the fourth (4th) anniversary of the Effective Date, or (b) the completion or termination of the Research and receipt by LBIO of all deliverables due from MD Anderson hereunder, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.2 or Section 9.14.
This Agreement is effective on the Effective Date and shah continue in effect until the earlier of (a) the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date, and (b) termination by either Party for any reason upon thirty (30) days' written notice to the other Party; provided, however, that no Party shall be able to terminate this Agreement so long as such Party is a Defaulting Party under this Agreement.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until it is terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 15 of this Agreement ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and will continue in effect until five (5) year(s) from such date (the "Initial Term") unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 25.
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Initial Term") will be ten (10) years from the Effective Date, provided that at any time following the 7th anniversary of such date, either party may terminate such strategic alliance upon not less than 60 days' prior written notice to the other party.
The rights and obligations of the Farids Group set forth in this Article VI (other than those set forth in Sections 6.8 and 6.9) shall terminate on the date that the Farids Group owns less than 3% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock, but in no event earlier than the Expiration Date (as defined in the Warrant).
The term of this Agreement is twenty-four (24) months.
This Agreement shall be for an initial term of five (5) years, and unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall automatically renew for an additional term of five (5) years thereafter.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for a term of ten (10) years, unless previously terminated in accordance with Clause 15 (Termination).
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of two (2) years ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 11 of this Agreement.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 4.2 or 4.3, this Agreement will be in effect from the Effective Date until completion of the Research Program.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of three (3) years after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement is effective on the day of May 1, 2013 and the effective term is the same as the Cooperation Ter
The Cooperation Term of the parties shall be two years from May 1, 2013 to April 30, 2015.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, (i) that this Section 8 shall survive any such termination and (ii) no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, shall continue in full force and effect until terminated pursuant to this Article 18.
This Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of: (i) the conclusion of the Standstill Period or (ii) delivery of written notice by one Party to the other Party of a material breach of this Agreement by the breaching Party that is uncured after ten (10) calendar days of notice of such breach.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement will be effective as of the date of its execution, and term of the Cooperation will be four years from the date on which the channel is uploaded.<omitted>The channel is expected to be uploaded on August 1, 201
Unless otherwise mutual agreed between the Parties, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the earlier of the below events occur: (a) The fifth (5t h) anniversary of this Agreement; and (b) Otkritie ceasing to own more than 2,237,216 class B shares or American depositary shares of QIWI.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period in accordance with Section 4, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
Subject to the other provisions contained herein, this AGREEMENT shall be for a term of thirty (30) years from the Effective Date, which shall automatically renew from year-to-year thereafter unless terminated by a Party upon sixty (60) days' written notice after the end of the term.
The term of this Agreement shall be fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the following provisions of this Article:
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this IP Agreement shall extend until the last date of expiration of the SRAM Intellectual Property rights licensed under this IP Agreement.
The term of this Agreement is five (5) years unless the early termination in accordance with this Agreement.
The provisions of this Agreement, including the license rights provided in this Article III, shall not be terminable or revocable for any reason.
The term of this IP Agreement shall be from the Effective Date until all of the Intellectual Property licensed hereunder is in the public domain (provided, however, that in such event the representations and warranties in Article III shall survive (and terminate) in accordance with the Acquisition Agreement) or this IP Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 4.3.
This Agreement shall remain in effect for sixty (60) months from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
Unless otherwise agreed in writing by Accuray and Distributor and subject to the termination rights contained in this Agreement, this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until the termination of the Strategic Alliance Agreement; provided, however, that if a Termination Election relating to this Agreement is made pursuant to Section 10.3 of the Strategic Alliance Agreement prior to such termination, this Agreement shall terminate 36 months after such Termination Election (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement shall terminate on May 31, 2015, unless sooner terminated.
As provided for in this Section 1, the term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years, beginning on the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"); provided, however, the Initial Term shall be subject to automatic successive renewal terms of three (3) years each (the "Renewal Terms" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
The terms of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date and will be automatically renewed on each anniversary of the effective date, for a renewal term of one year unless either party provides written notification of its intention not to renew this Agreement at least one month prior to the expiration of the initial or any renewal terms.
Distributor's appointment is for a term of one year from the Effective Date, renewable automatically unless terminated under Section 18
The Term will commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and will remain in effect, unless sooner terminated under paragraphs 5.2, 5.3, or 5.4, until the termination date specified in Exhibit A.
September 30, 1997
This Agreement shall have an initial term of one (1) year from the date first above written (the "Initial Term"), and shall thereafter automatically renew for successive two (2) year periods (each a "Renewal Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement shall be two (2) years from the Effective Date with automatic annual renewals thereafter provided either party does not provide sixty (60) days notice of termination prior to the renewal date or the Agreement is not otherwise terminated as set forth in Section 8.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) calendar years from the Agreement date.
The term of this Agreement shall be ten (10) years (the "Term") which shall commence on the date upon which the Company delivers to Distributor the last Sample, as defined hereinafter.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date first above written and shall terminate on 31 December 2006, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years from the date first set forth above and shall thereafter automatically renew for additional two (2) year terms unless a party provides the other party with notice of non-renewal no less than 6 months prior to the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term unless earlier terminated as follows
April 15, 2000 through October 15, 2000 (6 Months from the Effective Date)
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) years from the Effective Date and shall thereafter be automatically renewed for subsequent one (1) year periods unless either party notifies the other in writing of its election not to renew the Agreement at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the expiration of the then-current term.
Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until terminated by either Party upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice.
This contract shall be for a term of one year commencing on the date first above written; thereafter, it shall automatically continue until terminated by either party upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for 3 years (the "Initial Term") commencing on the date first set forth above (the "Commencement Date") and ending on the 3rd anniversary of the Commencement Date.
The Term of this Agreement shall be for a period of [* ****] years and [*****] months commencing the 1st day of September 2004 and terminating the [*****] day of [*****].
The term of the license hereby granted shall commence August 1, 1995 and continue until January 30, 2000, unless sooner terminated in the manner provided in the immediately succeeding sentence or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
Unless otherwise provided for in this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall be three years, commencing on the date of this Agreement and expiring on the third anniversary date of this Agreement (the "Termination Date").
The COMPANY agrees to a one year engagement to contract the CELEBRITY to speak at the company meetings and seminars along with endorsement of the Company products.
Notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement shall terminate upon the Trust's payment to the Company of the sum of the aggregate amount of the premiums paid under the Policy since inception (which amount includes the outstanding principal balance of the Demand Note).
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing on January 1, 2000 and concluding December 31, 2003, unless terminated sooner as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall extend from the date of execution hereof through and until _______, unless extended by written agreement of the parties.
The term of this Agreement shall commence January 1, 1996, and shall continue for a period of three (3) years, concluding December 31, 1998.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing as of May 31, 1999 and concluding May 31, 2000.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Article 13, shall continue in full force and effect, on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the Secondary Royalty Term with respect to such Product expires, at which time this Agreement shall expire in its entirety with respect to such Product in such country.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and unless terminated earlier by mutual written agreement of the Parties or pursuant to Section 9.2 (Termination At Will) or Section 9.3 (Termination for Cause) below, the term of this Agreement shall continue in effect until Achaogen ceases development and commercialization of Plazomicin ("Term").
Except as provided in Sections 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, and 6.5, this Agreement shall terminate one (1) year from the Rig Release Date, if such has not been terminated sooner pursuant to the provisions hereof.
The term of this Agreement shall be for 10 years commencing on the date of execution of this Agreement by AIRSOPURE.
The Term shall begin on the Effective Date and will end, without further notice, on the Expiration Date set forth in the Addendum, unless terminated earlier under the terms of this Agreement.<omitted>Expiration Date: at midnight on the last day of the month fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date
The term of this Agreement starts on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is earlier terminated in accordance with its provisions, will expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date.
You must operate the Franchise at a mutually agreeable site (the "Premises") to be identified after the signing of this Agreement, and to use the System and the Marks in the operation of that Franchise, for a term of 10 years (the "Initial Term")
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, this Agreement will expire on _______________________________________.
This Agreement shall be effective as of that date (the "Effective Date") the Site becomes fully operational as set forth in writing and executed by both Parties and shall continue for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date.
This Agreement will be effective beginning on 12:01 a.m., Eastern Time, on the day after the date of last signature to these Base Terms ("Effective Date") and ending on the expiration and/or termination of all Service Option Attachments, unless the Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and will terminate on the third anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreemen
This Agreement will take effect on the Effective Date and remain in effect for a period of 1 year; provided, that Sections 2 and 3 level shall terminate promptly upon (a) any action or omission by Client or any of its customers which constitutes a breach of or default by TrueLink under any System Agreement or Credit Repository Agreement, which breach or default has either not been cured or cannot be cured within the applicable cure period and the consequences of which is that TrueLink will lose material rights it had pursuant to said Agreements or (b) any violations or breach by Client of Sections 8a - 8c.
This agreement shall be for a term of five years from the date of this document.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.
"Term" means the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and continuing thereafter indefinitely until this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 10 below.
Subject to early termination of this Agreement pursuant to Sections 7.2, 7.3 or 7.4, this Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue until the expiration or earlier termination of the Development and License Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid for a period of five (5) years with automatic renewal of one year thereafter until terminated<omitted>by either party with one (1) year written notice prior to the expiration of the initial period or any extension period thereof.
Unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 12.2 below, the initial term of this Agreement shall expire on 31 December 2024 (the "Initial Term") unless the Parties mutually agree in writing any extension to the Initial Term.
This Agreement shall have a term of four (4) years from the effective date first set forth above, and shall automatically renew for additional one year terms unless earlier terminated by either party.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall extend for a period of Five (5) years thereafter ("Initial Term"), unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein or is extended by mutual written agreement of the Parties.
Unless terminated earlier as provided herein, this Agreement shall terminate on the date three (3) years from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement is three years from and including the date of this Agreement (the "Initial Term"), with automatic renewal for additional successive one-year terms (each a "Renewal Term" and together wit the Initial Term, the "Term") unless no later than [* * *] days prior to the end of the Initial Term, or any Renewal Term either party notifies the other that it wishes to terminate this Agreement effective the end of the Initial Term or that Renewal Term, as applicable.
Except as otherwise set forth in Sections 9.2 and 9.3 or Exhibit A hereof, the term of this Agreement shall be eighteen (18) months ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for a period of one year from the date of its execution and from year to year thereafter provided such continuance is specifically approved by a majority of the trustees of the Trust who (i) are not "interested persons" of the Trust or any other party to this Agreement, as defined in the 1940 Act, and (ii) have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of this Agreement ("Non- Interested Trustees").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3 of this Agreement, shall continue until the twentieth (20th) anniversary of the Effective Date; provided, however, (i) Operator shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Owner, if Operator provides a substitute operator acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, who (A) has experience operating similar assets, (B) has the ability to provide at least the same quality of service as Operator, (C) has the financial ability to perform the obligations hereunder, and (D) is ready, willing and able to execute an operation and maintenance agreement substantially similar to this Agreement and acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, and (ii) Owner shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Operator.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 8, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
To the extent not terminated previously by AIG pursuant to the foregoing, this Agreement will terminate automatically one year after the closing of any sale of the Company by AIG, and all provisions hereof will be of no further force and effect.
It shall be effective on 06 October 2000 and shall have a duration of two years.
Subject to termination pursuant to this Agreement, the Non Exclusive license granted by Licensor to Licensee shall be for an initial period of 36 months, commencing from the acceptance date, (the "Initial Period").
This Agreement and the license granted under this Agreement shall remain in effect perpetually as long as fees are paid by Sparkling in accordance with the Fee Schedule and the Agreement is not otherwise terminated in accordance with this Section.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for an initial period of five years until terminated in the manner described in Clause 16 below.
In addition, DCL may terminate this Agreement with effect from the 3rd, 4th or 5th anniversary of the Commencement Date by giving not less than six months notice in writing to SEV
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Services Commencement Date and remain effective for ten (10) years (the "Initial Term") unless terminated in accordance with its terms.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in operation for at least a period of twenty-five (25) years (hereinafter called "Initial Period") after the RFCS Date and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
This Agreement shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of: (i) the date on which the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement equal $5,000,000; (ii) the Release Date (as defined in Section 19) or (iii) payment in full, in cash, of all Obligations and the termination of the Financing Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement is less than $5,000,000 and any payment, or any part thereof, on account of any of the Obligations is invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Agent or the Lenders upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or reorganization of any Borrower or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for any Borrower, or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Article 9.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date and year first above written and shall continue in operation for at least an initial period of twenty-five (25) years following the RFS Date (hereinafter referred to as "initial Period") and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
Subject to the provisions of this AGREEMENT, and with effect from the date when the party signing last in time appends its signature to this agreement ("the effective date"), and enduring in perpetuity unless terminated as provided for elsewhere in this AGREEMENT, SAP AFRICA grants, and TELKOM accepts a non-exclusive, non-transferable licence to USE the SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION and other SAP AFRICA PROPRIETARY INFORMATION at the specified DESIGNATED SITE within the TERRITORY.
The licence granted hereunder shall become effective upon execution of this AGREEMENT by both parties and shall endure indefinitely unless terminated under clause 6. 2.
Upon expiration of that 12 months, MMMW affords the Customer the opportunity of a continuation of support on an annual basis as follows: The Initial Term of this Technical Infrastructure Maintenance Agreement is twelve months, commencing on the Effective Date.
This Agreement commences on the date first above written, and will remain in effect for the period of five (5) years, except as otherwise provided herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 7, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, shall continue for the duration of the Lease, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3.
The initial period of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue until March 31, 2003.
This OMA shall expire upon the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the Effective Date and (ii) the date that all Shares of Stock of the Seller Trusts as set forth on Schedule A hereto have been sold (the "Term").
The Term will be 3 years from Effective Date with an automatic 2 year term extensions unless otherwise advised by one of the Parties.
This Agreement between HEMISPHERX and SCIEN shall be in effect beginning the last date of execution set forth on the signature page to the Agreement (the "Effective Date") to which this Quality Agreement is Exhibit 2 and remain in effect until HEMISPHERX and SCIEN terminate the Agreement or it is superseded by a revised Quality Agreement executed by both parties.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue unless and until terminated as provided herein.
Subject to Article 22.2, this Agreement shall remain in force for an Initial Period of 1 year, which may be renewed by mutual consent for such period as the Parties may agree ("Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement or for any of the following reasons:
This Agreement begins on the Effective Date and shall continue indefinitely unless sooner terminated as provided in this Article 5.
This Agreement shall terminate as to the Remarketing Agent and its obligations hereunder with respect to VRRM-MFP Shares upon the earliest to occur of (a) the effective date of the resignation or removal of such Remarketing Agent pursuant to Section 5(a) and Section 5(b), respectively, (b) the completion of a successful Transition Remarketing on a New Mode Commencement Date in connection with transition to a new Mode, or (c) the date on which no VRRM-MFP Shares are Outstanding.
In addition, the<omitted>obligations of the Remarketing Agents may be terminated by them by notice given to the Company prior to 12:00 noon, New York City time on the Remarketing Settlement Date if, prior to that time, any of the applicable conditions precedent to the obligations of the Remarketing Agents described in Section 5 hereof shall have failed to occur.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to earlier termination in accordance with the provisions of Section 16, shall continue in force for a period being the longer of fifteen (15) years from first Commercial Launch of the Product in the Territory or until the expiration of the last valid claim in the PPI Patents covering the Product in any country of the Territory (the "Initial Term").
In addition, the obligations of the Remarketing Agent hereunder may be terminated by it by notice given to the Company prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date immediately preceding the Commencement Date if, prior to that time, any of the events described in Sections 6(i), (j) or (k) shall have occurred.
This Agreement shall terminate (i) the Business Day immediately following the Remarketing Settlement Date, (ii) at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the last date of the Remarketing if the Remarketing is not successful or (iii) on the effective date of the resignation or removal of the Remarketing Agent and the appointment of a new Remarketing Agent.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Agreement or extended by mutual agreement between the parties, shall continue in effect for thirty six (36) months following the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall be effective on the later of the dates that it is executed by Imprimis and Surgical (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate pursuant to the terms of the SOW (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided in this Agreement, the initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period beginning on the Effective Date and ending ten (10) years thereafter unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall be five years commencing on the Effective Date and ending at the close of business on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement shall commence with the first race ----- of the 1998 Winston Cup season and shall continue until the final race of the year-2000 Winston Cup season.
The term of this Agreement will begin on December 15, 1997 and will end the later of (i) December 15, 1999 or (ii) Excite's delivery of all of the guaranteed Click-throughs described in Section 1(f).
This Agreement shall terminate and, subject to the provisions set forth below, be of no further force or effect on the exercise by the Sponsor of its right to terminate this Agreement as provided in subsection 6.2, provided that, in any event, sections 3, 7 and 8 and, in the event that such termination occurs by virtue of paragraph 6.2(b), subsection 2.5 shall not terminate (except as set forth therein) and shall continue in full force and effect for the benefit of the Sponsor or the other parties to this Agreement, as the case may be.
The term (the "Term") shall commence on November 1, 2007 and end on October 31, 2008 (unless terminated earlier in accordance with the General Provisions).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force and effect until one (1) year subsequent to the Effective Date, provided however, that Tickets may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon thirty (30) days' notice to MP3. com at any time prior to the expiration of sixty (60) days subsequent to the Effective Date.
This term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and terminates on August 2nd, 2015 upon completion of event.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for six (6) months.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue in effect for a period of five (5) years (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions set out herein.
This Agreement shall continue in force for a term of twelve (12) months from the Effective Date, unless terminated earlier under the provisions of this Article 8 (the "Term"); PROVIDED that TouchStar shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time after the Effective Date upon not less than fifteen (15) days' prior written notice to Reseller.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for an Initial Term of five (5) years, and will automatically renew for additional periods of five (5) years unless one Party notifies the other of its intention not to renew, no less than 12 months prior to the expiration of the then-current term, unless terminated as permitted under this Agreement.
This Agreement comes into force as of the Effective Date and shall remain valid during the term of the LSA.
This Supply Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue for a period of [***] unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Supply Agreement.
Unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.2 below, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a FIVE (5) year period.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of its execution and shall remain in force for three years (the "Initial Term").
The term of this Supply Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date first set forth above and shall remain in effect until the later of (a) July 31, 2021 or (b) the date that the Parties enter into the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement and Sutro is supplying to SutroVax each Product under the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement (the "Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with Section 10.2.
The term of this Agreement will commence upon the Effective Date and will continue until the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated or extended under this Article 8 (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of the Services, unless terminated as set out herein, shall continue up to and including 28 February 2000 ("the Initial Term").
This Development Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and continue for four (4) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 10.2, or unless the parties extend the term by mutual written Development Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement will be in effect for one year from the Effective Date and will automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods unless terminated as provided below.
This Agreement shall be effective through and including March 31, 2004.
This Agreement shall be effective until the earlier of (a) its termination in accordance with the provisions of this Article 14 or (b) the date that is two (2) years after the date of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement will renew automatically for successive terms of one (1) year each unless a party to this Agreement delivers written notice of termination to the other party to this Agreement at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the original or any renewal term or the parties to this Agreement do not agree in writing to the Quota Amount referred to in subsection 14.2(b)(1) for any one (1) year renewal term at least sixty (60) days prior to the commencement of such term.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on January 1, 2000 and continue for an initial period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 7 hereof, and may be renewed under Section 8 hereof (the initial period plus any renewal period, the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This agreement shall begin upon the date of its execution by MA and acceptance in writing by Company and shall remain in effect until the end of the current calendar year and shall be automatically renewed for successive one (1) year periods unless otherwise terminated according to the cancellation or termination provisions contained in paragraph 18 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall terminate on June 30, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement commences as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to any express provision of this Agreement, shall continue until five (5) years following the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b) [Term and Termination].
The term of this Agreement shall be effective as of the date first stated above and shall continue for a term of three (3) years, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement (the "Term"); provided, however, that PrimeCall may elect to terminate this Agreement, upon thirty (30) days' written notice, at any time from and after the time that collectively RSL Communications, Ltd. and/or its Affiliates holds less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of DeltaThree's outstanding shares.
This Agreement will become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated pursuant to Sections 3.1<omitted>, shall remain effective for two (2) years from and after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This agreement shall commence as of date first above written, and shall Continue through December 31, 2004 ("the Term").
The Term shall commence on July 23, 2013 and shall expire on July 22, 2016, unless otherwise terminated earlier pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall have an Initial Term of three (3) years.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for a period of five years following the initial date of execution of the Memorandum, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 6.2 or Section 2.8 ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall begin as of the Effective Date and continue until Acceptance of all Deliverables for Milestones #1 and #2 pursuant to Section 3.4 and completion of Milestone #3, unless earlier terminated under Section 8.2, as provided for under the Other Agreements, or as mutually agreed by the Parties.
The term of this Agreement shall automatically become effective upon the occurrence of (i) ETON executing a commercial supply agreement with a contract manufacturing organization within forty-five (45) days of the Execution Date, provided that ETON has exercised best efforts to execute such agreement and the failure to execute is solely caused by the refusal or inability of the proposed manufacturing organization to sign a reasonable agreement; and (ii) acceptance for review of the Dossier or marketing application for [ * * * ] by the FDA no later than September 2, 2019 (such date, the "Effective Date") and shall end upon the termination or expiration of the Agreement as set forth in Section 11 (the "Term").
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Article, this Agreement will continue in full force beginning on the Effective Date and ending two (2) years thereafter ("Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the longer of the first anniversary of the Effective Date or the duration of the Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement (the "Term").
This agreement begins on the Commencement Date and, subject to clause 11.2, shall continue for an initial term of one (1) years (Initial Term) and indefinitely after that until terminated by either party giving at least twelve (12) months' prior written notice to expire on or after the expiry date of the initial term.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date first written above and shall continue in effect for a period of Three (3) years.
This Agreement shall become effective upon the date first written above and shall remain in full force and effect for a period of two years (2), unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions in this Agreement.
Unless terminated earlier as provided in this agreement, this Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms hereo
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and automatically renewing annually thereafter, unless either party provides a thirty-day notice of written termination one to the other ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of four (4) years, commencing on the Effective Date, which term may be extended for up to three (3) years by written agreement of both Parties prior to the expiration date of the initial term or any extension thereof (collectively, the "Term").
The term of the Franchise shall be twenty (20) years, commencing on January 1, 2016.
The term of this Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue until terminated as hereinafter provided (the "Term").
Terms of the project: 12 weeks from February 8, 2018 to May 3, 2018
This Agreement shall come into force on the Date of the Agreement, and shall, subject to article 18, remain in full force and effect for an initial period of *** from the Commercial Launch Date.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for one (I) year, unless earlier terminated as expressly provided in Sections 1.3. 10.1. or 10.2 of this Agreement (the *Initial Term")
This Agreement will remain in effect for Thirty-six (36)<omitted>months following the Hosting Service Ready Date ("Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Article XVI, this IP Agreement and the licenses granted herein will continue in effect from the Effective Date until the expiration of the last to expire of the Patents and any additional period of time thereafter that any of the Patents remain enforceable such as in the United States where a party can sue for infringement after a patent expires and seek damages for any infringement of the patent during the six years immediately preceding the filing of a suit for infringement.
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate on December 31, 2034 (such period, including as may be extended in accordance with the subsequent sentence, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article 11, shall expire on the last day of the Royalty Term.
This term of this Agreement shall commence on the EFFECTIVE DATE and shall continue, in each country, until the date of expiration of the last to expire patent within PATENT RIGHT(S) in that country.
The "Term" of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration or earlier termination of the last Addendum to expire or be terminated, at which time this Agreement will expire, unless this Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") (a) shall commence on the first day of the Warranty Period for the first Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation and (b) shall, unless terminated earlier under Section 4.1 of this Agreement or unless extended by mutual agreement of the Parties, terminate on the date that is the last day of the Warranty Period for the last Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation.
Subject to all other terms and conditions set forth herein, as of the date of this agreement, LEADER maintain the software for an additional five years.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of year as of the Effective Date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated, shall continue in full force and effect for a period of [***] years thereafter.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect for an initial term of **** from the Supply Commencement Date of the Product ("Initial Term").
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Facility Addendum, this Agreement (a) shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of four (4) years from such date (the "Initial Term" of this Agreement), unless sooner terminated pursuant to Section 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 or 7.7, and (b) may be extended for up to three (3) additional periods of twelve (12) months (each, an "Extension Period") by written notice given by Customer to Manufacturer not less than twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Extension Period, as the case may be.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the 60th day following a written notice from one party to the other of its decision to terminate this Agreement at the end of such 60-day period or upon termination of the applicable Distribution Agreement with respect to a Fund.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on the date hereof (the "Commencement Date"), and will continue until the earlier of (i) December 31, 2022, (ii) the termination or expiration of the Studio Lease (defined below), (iii) election to terminate and notice thereof given by Programmer to Licensee, and (iv) mutual written consent of Licensee and Programmer (the "Term"), unless extended or earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11 hereof.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a period of five (5) years from the Reseller's first purchase order for Product issued to Todos (the "Initial Term"), unless terminated earlier by one of the parties in accordance with the terms of this Section 11.
The term of this JSMA shall commence on May 1, 2020 (the "Commencement Date") and ends at April 30, 2029 (the "Term"), with automatic renewals each for a period of five (5) years (a "Renewal Term") unless notice is given pursuant to 5.2.
Unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of Section ​12, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until July 31, 2019 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid until the [* * *] (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue to be in full force and effect for so long as Photronics and DNP, or any of their Affiliates, each remains a Shareholder of the Company.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect through December 31, 2021 and any Renewal Term (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier as set forth herein.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 12, shall extend until the four (4) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on September 10, 2015 and shall continue for One (1) Year (the "Term").
This Agreement becomes effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 11, shall continue until the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect for an initial period of 1 year ("Initial Term").
This term of this Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereto shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in perpetuity (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions contained herein.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of twelve (12) full calendar months ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term"), unless mutually extended by written agreement of the Parties or unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall commence effective as of the date hereof and shall expire on December 31, 2028.
This Agreement shall continue until January 18, 2022, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods ending on January 18th of each year, provided such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (a) the Fund's Board of Trustees and (b) a vote of a majority (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund's Trustees who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of the Plan, in this Agreement, or any agreement related to the Plan (the "Qualified Trustees"), by vote cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting on such approval.
With respect to each of the Services, the term thereof will be for a period commencing as of the date hereof, unless a different date is specified as the commencement date for any applicable Service on Exhibit A or Exhibit B (either, a "Commencement Date"), and shall continue until 12 months following the Commencement Date unless (i) such other date as is specified as the termination date for any applicable Service in this Agreement or on Exhibit A or Exhibit B, as applicable (the "Term") or (ii) earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement (a "Termination Date").
Cellco's appointment as custodian is effective as of the Initial Cutoff Date and will continue until the later of (i) the date on which all obligations of the Issuer have been paid in full and (ii) the date on which such appointment is terminated under this Section 3.10(f).
This Agreement will terminate on the earlier to occur of (a) the date upon which the last remaining Receivable is paid in full, settled, sold or written off and any amounts received are applied and (b) the Issuer is terminated under Section 8.1 of the Trust Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence as of April 1, 2018 (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon the later of: (a) the conclusion of the 2022/23 NFL season and (b) the last day in February, 2023 (such expiration date, the "Scheduled Expiration Date"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be valid for five (5) years from February 1, 2019 through January 31, 2024 unless this Agreement is terminated earlier pursuant to Section 14 (the "Term").
The term of this agreement will begin on April 1, 2018 and continue until April 30, 2018 at 11:59pm.
This agreement is for a term of ten (10) years.
This Agreement shall commence on March 15, 2018 and will expire on March 14, 2020 unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 13 of the Agreement (the "Term")
The Contract is valid for 5 years, beginning from and ended on .
The "Term" of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will end on the earlier of: (a) the first anniversary of the expiration date of the last Purchase Schedule (as defined in this next Section); (b) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party any time after the expiration of the last Purchase Schedule; or (c) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party as provided in Subsection 11(d) of this Agreement.
Termination Date: December 31, 2023
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the time periods set forth in Schedules 1 and 2 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and continues in perpetuity, unless termination occurs pursuant to Sections 4.2 through 4.4.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
The license granted to the Licensee under this Agreement shall continue perpetually
This Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
TERM: November 01, 2014 to October 31, 2017
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
Period of transportation services: this Agreement is valid for an indefinite term.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and unless earlier terminated as provided elsewhere in this Agreement, will end automatically upon the end of Year 3.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for one (1) year following the Launch Date, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
The Term shall commence on the date of this Agreement and, unless earlier terminated or extended as provided below, shall end as of December 31, 2000.
The term of this Agreement shall be for a period of two (2) years (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall end fifteen months therefrom.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon delivery of [**] to ebix, but in no way shall this Agreement extend any later than thirty (30) months from the Effective Date regardless of the number Filled Application Forms delivered to ebix. About will make commercially reasonable efforts to achieve that number in twelve (12) months or less from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end three (3) years from the date the Co-Branded Application becomes accessible to Excite@Home Members ("Launch Date").
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the date above, and shall continue for a term of one (1) year
Term shall mean the Effective Date through June 15, 2001 and any Renewal Term (as defined in paragraph 7.4 herein.)
INITIAL TERM shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the second anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11.
Initial Term shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the fourth anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8
This Agreement shall be effective upon the ------------------- Effective Date and shall remain in force for a period of one (1) year, and shall be automatically renewed for successive periods of one (1) year unless otherwise terminated as provided herein.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in force for three years from the Launch Date (the "Initial Term") unless earlier
"Launch Date" means the first date on which the Service is made publicly available.<omitted>This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date and will continue in effect for 2 years following the Launch Date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall ----------------------- commence on the Effective Date and end on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the date that the Affiliate Registration Form is approved by Chase and will end when terminated by either party.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of five (5) years from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term") after which this Agreement may be extended on mutual agreement of the parties (a "Renewal Term," and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
This Agreement will remain in force for perpetuity or until and unless otherwise mutually agreed or amended in writing by both parties.
The term of this Agreement will begin upon acceptance of Affiliate's Program application and will end when terminated by either party of this Agreement.
This Agreement is entered into for an unlimited period of time.
This Agreement shall be for the term of one year; thereafter, the Agreement shall renew automatically under these same terms and agreements unless superceded by future agreements.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until either Party informs the other Party with thirty (30) day prior written notice of termination of this Agreement.
The "Initial Term" shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire on March 31, 2011.
The term ("Term") of this Agreement shall be for one hundred eighty days (180) from the date set forth below unless Network 1 or Visa or MasterCard or Harris Bank doesn't approve Affiliate's ISO application, in which case, the Term will be 3 years.
Unless sooner terminated under the provisions hereof, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of one (1) year ("Term"). provided however, that the Parties may extend the Term for an additional year period by entering into an written addendum of the Agreement extending such term.
"CONTRACT PERIOD" means that period of time commencing upon the full execution of this Agreement by both Parties and terminating on May 31, 2016 unless sooner terminated under this Agreement.
All terms of this Agreement will automatically commence on November 1st, 2017, and expire on November 2nd, 2020.
"Term" means: 1.5t January 2013 to 315t December 2013 or until terminated under the provisions of this Agreement or the Primary Agreement.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time from February 21, 2011 through December 31, 2012.
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and ending on February 19, 2013 ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for two years from the date hereof, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (A) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund and (B) the vote of a majority of the Fund's directors who are not parties to this Agreement or "interested persons" (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Fund Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the Investment Fund Act.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this ARTICLE 13, shall remain in effect on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the expiration of the Royalty Term applicable to such Product and country (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect until the expiration of the Sublicense Agreement, unless earlier termination by pursuant to the terms of this Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4 of this Agreement, will continue until the expiration of the Warranty Period as defined in subsection 9(a) of this Agreement.
Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, the Parties' respective rights and obligations under this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force for ten (10) years after the First Commercial Sale of the first Licensed Product, and shall thereafter automatically renew for an unlimited period of time unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Section 15.2.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein, unless earlier terminated by either party, this Agreement shall expire on ______, 20___, and all rights of Developer herein shall cease and all unapplied or unused Development Fees paid pursuant to Section 3 hereof shall be forfeited to Franchisor.
Unless terminated pursuant to Section 10 or 11 below, it shall expire upon the earlier of the date specified in Exhibit "B" or upon the opening of the last El Pollo Loco® Restaurant listed in the Development Schedule.
Dr. Murray's obligations set out herein shall be performed from the Effective Date until December 31, 2018 (the initial "Services Term").
Except as otherwise stated herein as pertaining only to a Services Term, this Agreement shall remain in effect for ten years, unless terminated in accordance with Sections 6.1 (a) or 6.2(b).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance herewith, shall continue in force and effect until (a) the date of expiration of the last Royalty Term for the last Licensed Product, or (b) the expiration of the License Option Period and the failure of AbbVie to exercise the License Option (such period, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") will begin on the date this Agreement is signed by the last signatory ("Effective Date") and remain in effect for [***]; provided, however, that the terms of this Agreement shall remain applicable to any SOW that was executed by the Parties prior to the expiration or termination of this Agreement but whose period of performance extends beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue thereafter for a period of twelve (12) months (the "Initial Term").
The Term shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of five (5) years.
The term "Term" shall mean an initial term of five years, automatically renewable thereafter for successive 5-year terms unless either party provides prior written notice of termination not less than 90 days prior to the end of such five-year term; provided, however, T&B shall have the right to terminate the license after the first year of the Term if LEA does not conduct the Business so as to meet the Cash Sales benchmarks set by the parties for years two through five of the Term, as set forth in Section 3.3, below.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless the Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will come into effect on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force for ten (10) years from the Launch (the "Initial Term"), or the date of expiry of the last valid patent of the Licensed Product, whichever comes later, subject to clauses 19.2, 19.3, 19.4 and 19.5 hereunder
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will commence on the Effective Date and will expire upon the earliest of (i) termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 14.2, or (ii) the date of payment of the last Approval Payment due based on all applicable Regulatory Approvals which have been received.
The term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article XII, shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration of Sanofi's payment obligations under Article IX or the Profit/Loss Share Agreement, whichever is later (the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 14 hereof (the "Term").
This Agreement commences on the date it is executed and shall continue until full performance by both parties, or until earlier terminated by one party under the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will be for the maximum period of six (6) months beginning for the commencement date, renewable in accordance with the terms hereof, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.
This Agreement will be in effect for three (3) years from the Effective Date ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Unless otherwise stated in the Appendix the term of this letter Agreement shall continue for twenty-four (24) months with the effective date unless terminated sooner or extended pursuant to the terms hereof ("Initial Term")
Contract end: 04-01-08
The initial term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and end twelve (12) months after the Launch (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b).
This Agreement and the provisions hereof, except as otherwise provided, shall be in full force and effect commencing on the date of execution by both Parties and shall extend for an initial term of two (2) years.
This Agreement will become effective as of the last date of signature (Effective Date) and shall, unless sooner terminated as provided below or as otherwise agreed, remain effective for an initial term of 10 Years following the first date of public availability of the PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Content within a THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION Property (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the date on which it is signed and affixed with the corporate seals by the authorized representative of each Party and have a term of five (5) years commencing as of the effective date hereof.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, except as set forth in Subsection (ii), continue in full force and effect through the Delivery Period.
This agreement will be in effect until the end of 2006 and will be evaluated at that time.
This Agreement shall take effect from the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect for twenty (20) years thereafter, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Clause 8.
Expiration Date: August 31, 2006
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on the Expiration Date set forth above (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 3(b).
The Term of the Agreement is hereby extended to January 20, 2012 unless sooner terminated as provided for in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be in effect until March 18. 2021, unless sooner terminated by either party upon (30) days written notice, without cause.
This contract shall remain in effect initially for the five (5) year term ("Initial Term") from the date signed and shall be automatically extended for one (1) year periods after the Initial Term ("Renewal Term") unless (i) either party provides written notice of its intention not to renew the Agreement within 180 days prior to any Renewal Term; or (ii) this Agreement is otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms of this Section 12.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate in _____________, on _____________, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement may be renewed for successive one (1) year periods if STAAR and Distributor expressly agree in writing and in their sole discretion to renew this Agreement prior to the foregoing termination date or any successive renewal term.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until September 1, 2045, unless earlier terminated by either Party pursuant to this Article 12 (the "Term").
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, all rights and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect for a period of eighteen (18) months after the initial theatrical release of that Property.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, including Robots, Kingdom of Heaven, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, In Her Shoes, Idiocracy (Oww My Balls) and Ice Age II, all right and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect until March 31, 2008."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Term") is the Effective Date through March 15, 2022.
This Agreement expires ten (10) years from the Agreement Date (the "Term"), unless it is terminated sooner as provided in other sections of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided under this Agreement, shall terminate five (5) years following the date of launch of the first Website, but in no event later than February 28, 2013 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue thereafter for a period of two (2) years, unless extended by written agreement of both parties or sooner terminated as set forth below.
This Agreement and the license granted herein shall remain effective until terminated.
Unless otherwise provided herein, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue through the completion or termination of Developer's services and work product as mutually agreed upon between the Parties (the Project).
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Commencement Date and will continue through December 31, 2022 or until this Agreement is otherwise terminated in accordance with its provisions ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate automatically without notice on December 31, 2022, unless the Parties agree in writing to extend the term of the Agreement (the initial term and any renewal terms are referred to collectively herein as the "Term").
This Second Amendment shall be effective from The Second Amendment Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2021.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue for a period of three (3) years therefrom (the "Term").
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue until termination as provided below.
This Agreement is for a term (the "Term") of 12 months from the Effective Date on June 1s t 2020 and expiring May 31st 2021.
This Agreement shall be in full force and effect commencing on January 2, 2020 and shall remain in effect for one (1) year or until Consultant completes the services requested
The term of this Agreement shall commence on January 10th, 2019 and shall expire on the day that is twenty-four (24) months from that date (the "Term of Engagement") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Term: twelve (12) months from the date of the Agreement which term shall automatically renew for an additional twelve (12) months on such date if the Agreement is not otherwise terminated according to Section 8 of the Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be the sooner of six (6) months from the Effective Date, or replacement of this Agreement with a subsequent agreement between the Parties.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the four-year anniversary of the Effective Date (such period, as it may be extended, either by the mutual written agreement of the parties or automatically, or earlier terminated being referred to as the "Consultation Period"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4, and shall automatically renew for successive one-year periods, unless the Company provides 90 days' notice of termination before any such successive period.
The term of this Agreement is for a period of five (5) years (the "Term") commencing on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the termination provisions of this Agreement, ending on January 31, 2025.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall expire twenty (20) years from the effective date of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
The term of this Agreement for the Hosted Site shall commence upon April 1, 1999 and shall continue for a period of six (6) months, unless earlier terminated in accordance with provisions hereof.
This Agreement shall continue in effect from the Effective Date for a one (1) year period, unless earlier terminated as set forth below, and thereafter shall renew automatically for successive one (1) year periods unless either party gives the other party at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of its intent not to renew the Agreement.
The effective term is 12 months beginning March 1, 2005 and ending February 28, 2006.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a period of 12 months thereafter (the "Period") in full force and effect until it is terminated in accordance with this Section 3.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated under this Article, shall continue in effect until the Conversion Date (the "Term"); provided that, with respect to any LMG Tools identified in Exhibit A as having a license term beyond the Conversion Date, TAG's License to, and LMG's obligation to provide LMG Services for, such LMG Tools shall survive for the period specified in Exhibit A.
The term of this Agreement is for ten (10) years commencing on the date of this Agreement, unless terminated as provided by this Agreement.
The obligations of the Agent pursuant to this Agreement shall terminate upon termination of the Offering, but in no event later than 45 days after the completion of the Subscription Offering (the "End Date").
The initial term of this Agreement is one (1) year from the date of delivery of the Product to Licensee unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
1 April 2009
The maintenance is for a period of one (1) year commencing upon expiration of the initial one (1) year term of the License/Services Schedule.
XIMAGE's obligations hereunder shall become effective upon the "Effective Date" and, unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall remain in full force and effect for at least one year thereafter.
This Agreement be deemed effective as of the Effective Date, Agreement and shall terminate on December 31, 2020, unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 3.2.
This Agreement shall continue in force until the earlier to occur of (i) the Owner no longer owns any Receivables or Participation Interests, and (ii) subject to Section 7(d), the delivery of written notice of termination by the Owner to the Servicer pursuant to Section 7(c), in each case upon which event this Agreement shall automatically terminate unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Servicer and the Owner.
Agent's appointment hereunder shall commence on the next business day after the later of (i) the date hereof, or (ii) the date Agent has confirmed that Client's records have been converted to Agent's system (the "Effective Date"), and shall continue for three years thereafter (the "Initial Term").
In relation to each Fund, this Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (a) the expiration of the term of such Fund or (b) the date, if any, on which Oaktree US (or any affiliate it has substituted in its stead in accordance with such Fund's Fund Agreement) is removed as general partner of such Fund or (c) the Sub-Advisor ceasing to be authorised and regulated by the FCA.
This Agreement shall take effect on the date of signature of the Agreement by both parties and shall terminate when all obligations required of both parties hereunder are performed unless either terminated earlier or extended by the parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement subject to clause 4.0.
At any time that there is no uncompleted Statement of Work outstanding, either party may terminate this Agreement for any or no reason upon fifteen (15) days advance notice to the other.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof and shall continue until terminated by either party pursuant to Paragraph 6 hereof.
The term of this Services Agreement shall begin on the date of execution and shall continue in effect for a period of two years.
Subject to the provisions for termination hereinafter provided, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a minimum period of 12 months (the "Minimum Period") and thereafter upon the mutual agreement of the Company and Maimon (the "Service Term").
This Agreement shall terminate (a) at the option of any party, upon 90 days' advance written notice to the other parties hereto; or (b) in the event of a material breach that has not been cured within ten days following a written notice of breach to the breaching party.
This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by the Parties.
The Appointment may be terminated by either party giving the other at least 12 months' notice in writing.
Your employment shall commence on 26 September 2019 and shall continue unless and until either party gives notice to the other in accordance with paragraph 11 below.
This Agreement shall terminate immediately and automatically upon the termination of Company's Participation Agreement(s) with the Funds, and in such event no notice need be given hereunder.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
"Service Period" means April. 1st 2019 through to March 30, 2020<omitted>The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
Subject to earlier termination as provided below, this Service Agreement is for the total duration of the Company's Offering (the "Initial Term") unless either party requests termination at least 30 days prior to the end of the then-current term.
The Executive's employment with the Company will commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue, subject to the remaining terms of this Agreement, until terminated by either party giving the other the following minimum advance written notice: 2.1.1 6 weeks' notice; 2.1.2 such other longer period as required by law.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the day and year first above written and shall govern the relations between the parties hereto thereafter, unless terminated as set forth in this Section 6.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year, commencing January 1, 2008 and ending on December 31, 2008.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate at the end of the Exclusivity Period (i.e., a three (3) year period commencing on the Effective Date).
Subject to the provisions of Section 14 hereof, the term of this Agreement and the sponsorship described herein shall commence on January 1, 2010 and extend through December 31, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be four (4) Processing Years commencing on the Effective Date of this Agreement and ending on June 30, 2010 unless
This Agreement shall automatically terminate at and as of (the first to occur of): (a) 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on the 30th day after the Effective Date (if Purchaser has not commenced the Offer, with the unanimous consent of the Sponsors, by then); (b) the expiration of the Offer (if the Offer is not consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), subject to any extension or subsequent offering period; and (c) the expiration of the Interim Period (if the Offer is consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), in any case, unless sooner terminated by unanimous written consent of the Participating Sponsors; provided, however, that any liability for failure to comply with this Agreement shall survive any such termination.
Unless otherwise terminated as specified in this Section 12, the ---- term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and will not end until the later of (a) twelve (12) months from the Launch Date; or (2) the date Intuit displays a total of 176,717,916 Impressions in accordance with the terms set forth herein ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the "Effective Date" and shall continue for ten (10) Contract Years, unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 6 of this Agreement or extended by renewal by written agreement of the Parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 13(o) of this Agreement (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided for herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence as of the date hereof and shall terminate at the end of the Season which is scheduled to end on October 12, 2002 (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and conclude on October 31, 2010, unless renewed by agreement or sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
If the Launch Date has not occurred by August 31, 1999, Sponsor shall, in its sole discretion, be entitled to terminate this Agreement without any liability and receive a full refund of all amounts paid by Sponsor to drkoop.com pursuant to this Agreement prior to the date of such termination.
The initial term (the "Initial Term"; and together with all extensions and renewals, the "Term") will begin on the date set forth above * * * (the "Launch Date") on which: (i) each of the Sponsor Areas of the drkoop.com Website are operational in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (other than the e-commerce tile placements); and (ii) the links to the<omitted>Sponsor Website or Vitamin Buzz contained in the Sponsor logos or the Sponsor banner advertisements are established in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, subject to earlier termination as set forth in this Agreement.
In the event that Excite has not delivered XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX clickthroughs to the Client Site by the end of twelve (12) months after the Launch Date, the first year of the term of the Agreement will be extended without additional sponsorship and advertising fees for up to an additional four (4) months.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not end until Excite displays of a total of XXXXXXXXXXXXX impressions of Client's advertising banners and promotional placements on the Excite Site and Excite has made reasonable commercial efforts to deliver, at minimum, a goal of XXXXXXXX clickthroughs to the Client Site.
Regardless of Excite's actual delivery of impressions and clickthroughs, the term of this Agreement will not be shorter than two (2) years after the display of the first of Client's advertising banners and promotional placements, subject to the termination rights set forth below.
The initial production period shall be for a period of two (2) months to commence on November 4, 1998 (the "Production Period"), and the remaining term of this Agreement shall be for a period of twenty four (24) months to commence on the tentative launch date of January 4, 1999, unless terminated earlier as provided herein (the "Promotion Period"), (The Production Period and the Promotion Period shall be collectively referred to as the "Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and, unless terminated as provided herein, shall continue through November 30, 1998.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on July 19, 1999 and shall ---- thereafter continue until all above described Sponsor benefits are completed, but in no event beyond the end of the 1999 season (the "Term").
If Hydron does not timely exercise its right to terminate this Agreement, then Hydron agrees that this Agreement shall continue for the entire four (4) year term unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end on the second (2nd) anniversary of the Commencement Date.
Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall take effect on December 1st, 2015 and shall expire on November 30, 2016.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the specific terms of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not end until Excite displays a total of [*****] impressions of the Client advertising banners and promotional placements on the Excite Network as described in this Agreement and pushes [*****] emails using the email vehicles specified in Exhibit B
The services described herein to be provided by Agency shall begin upon execution and delivery of the Outsourcing Agreement and shall continue until termination of Contractor's activities to administer the Notes thereunder.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the date first set forth above, and shall continue in full force and effect until terminated as provided below.
The initial term ("Initial Term") of this Agreement shall be for one year commencing on the 1st day of May, 2006 ("Effective Date").
This agreement shall commence on January 20, 2014 (the "Effective Date") and shall continue in effect for six (6) months (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of the contracted agreement is 5 years from the commencement date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and extend for three (3) years thereafter ("INITIAL TERM"), with an automatic renewal for an indefinite period of time ("EXTENDED TERM"), unless terminated by the parties according to Sections 16.2. or 16.3. herein.
The term of this Agreement will commence on January 1, 1998 (the "Effective Date") and will end on December 31, 1998.
"Term" shall mean the period commencing on the Effective Date and terminating on the eighth anniversary of the Commencement Date, unless the Agreement is extended in accordance with its provisions.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on November 30, 2014 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall be valid for an indefinite period.
This Attachment and its Product Attachments shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in Section 5.0 of the Base Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in Section 5.0.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms hereof, the term of this Agreement shall end on the seventh anniversary of the date hereof.
This Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement will be for two (2) year(s) commencing on the Effective Date.
This Agreement is effective as of August 1, 2004, (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate on July 31, 2009, (the "Termination Date") unless earlier terminated or extended as provided for herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date unless sooner terminated pursuant to the termination provisions herein.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of 1 year after the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated as set forth herein (the "TERM").
This Amendment shall enter into force on the date of its signature by both Parties and, unless otherwise agreed upon in writing by the Parties through a subsequent amendment to the GMA, shall remain in force for the term of the referenced GMA.
The Agreement shall end on the End Date without any further action, unless otherwise provided under this Agreement.
"End Date" means the date on which this Agreement is terminated or expires, and shall be the earlier to occur of the following, as appropriate: (i) the end of the Initial Term as defined in Clause 3.1of this Agreement; or, (ii) the end of the term of each annual renewal of this Agreement as per Clause 3.2 of this Agreement; or, (iii) the date on which all or part of this Agreement is terminated as per Clause 16 ("Termination");
The Agreement enters into force on the Signing Date; it will have a duration of [*****] as from the Start Date (the "Initial Term").
The first paid (Initial) Maintenance Term shall commence upon expiration of the Warranty Period and shall continue for twelve (12) months thereafter.
This Agreement shall apply and remain in effect from the Effective Date and perpetually thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the Section entitled "Termination."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the date that payment is due for Minimum Payment Period 7, pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof and as set forth in Attachment B hereof, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
This Agreement shall come into force on the Effective Date and shall remain in force and effect for a period of [Redacted - Commercially Sensitive - Term Details] , unless this Agreement is extended or previously terminated in accordance with this clause 12, pursuant to clause 15.1 (Force Majeure), or (ii) by the mutual written consent of the Parties (the "Term").
The Agreement shall have an initial term of ten (10) years commencing from the Effective Date and ending on the tenth (10th) anniversary thereof (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of Section 15.2 or Section 15.3.
The "Term" shall begin on the date hereof and shall expire December 31, 2023, subject to early termination pursuant to the terms of Section 19. Flotek, may, by written notice given to FCC on or before September 30, 2023, elect for the Term to be extended to December 31, 2024.
TERM OF EXECUTION From January 30, 2012 until July 29, 2012
Subject to the General Terms and Conditions of Transporter's FERC Gas Tariff and Rate Schedule FTS/ITS, this Agreement shall be effective as of the date of physical completion of and initial deliveries on Transporter's pipeline and shall continue for a primary term of ten years.
This Agreement shall be effective from the date first above written and shall continue indefinitely until terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
The Agreement shall continue through the project's in-service date and for a period of fifteen (15) years after the project's in-service date ("Initial Term").
"Initial Term" means the period commencing on the Effective Date and concluding on the last day of the month in which the fifth anniversary of the Offtake Agreement Effective Date falls.
"Offtake Agreement" means that certain Crude Oil Sale and Purchase Agreement between the Principal and STASCO dated 1 November 1999.
This contract shall be effective as of November 1, 2002, and shall remain in force and effect, unless modified as per Exhibit B, until October 31, 2012.
"Royalty Term" means, with respect to sales of a Product in the Territory, the time period beginning on the First Commercial Sale of such Product in the Territory and expiring on the latest of the following dates: (a) *** (b) *** (c) ***<omitted>Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall continue in effect until the expiration of the Royalty Term as defined in Section 1.87 ("Term"), and thereafter Green Cross has no remaining payment obligations with respect to the Products pursuant to Section 8.5 above and MacroGenics shall have no further obligations hereunder.
The term of the agreement is 20 years, during which if any main equipment of any Party stops operation due to technical problem or at the end of its life cycle, the agreement shall be automatically terminated.
This Agreement shall come into force as of January 1, 2013 and remain valid for 1 year.
As of the effective date hereof, the original cooperation of mobile game business executed between the Parties shall terminate automatically.
Party A and Party B agree and confirm that the term of cooperation under this Agreement shall commence from the execution date hereof and end on the expiration date of the operation term of Party B ("Term of Cooperation").
Unless this Agreement is early terminated in accordance with this Agreement or other agreements signed by the Parties hereof, the term of the validity of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date.
"Intended End of Term" means the later of (a) the seventh (7th) anniversary of the Effective Date and (b) the date determined to be the "Intended End of Term" under Section 7.2.2(d) (Effects of Tolling).<omitted>This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms, including by Ginkgo pursuant to Section 7.3 (Buy-Down Election) or extended by the mutual written agreement of the Parties, shall continue until the Intended End of Term (such time period, as may be extended pursuant to this Section 13.3.1 (Term - General), the "Term"); provided that, if,<omitted>at the expiration of the Intended End of Term, Ginkgo has paid the Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitment, but will not have paid to BLI the Full Purchase Target, then the Term of this Agreement shall automatically extend for an additional [***] ([***]) year period from the date of the expiration of the then-Intended End of Term so that, among other things, BLI may potentially receive the benefit of the Full Purchase Target and Ginkgo may receive the continuing benefit of royalty-free licenses.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial term of three (3) years from the Promotion Commencement Date, divided into three one-year periods.
Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall commence effective June 1, 1998, and shall continue for a term of three (3) years expiring May 31, 2001 (the "Term").
"Term" means the earlier of: (a) the end of the two year period from the Effective Date to 31 July 2013; or (b) the last day of the calendar month within which the Maximum Distribution Commitment is reached.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as set out in this Agreement, shall continue for the Term.
This promotion shall begin on June 1,1999 and shall terminate June 1, 2000 (herein "Term")
The Joint Venture shall commence on the 1st of March, 2003, and shall be effective until February 28, 2004 unless extended by written agreement of the Joint Venturers not less than thirty (30) days prior to scheduled termination.
Except as otherwise provided herein, the term of this Agreement is three (3) years from the Execution Date ("Cooperation Period").
The term of this Agreement is twelve (12) months from the date hereof, and will be automatically renewed for one (1) additional twelve month period unless either party shall notify the other in writing of its intention not to renew.
This Agreement is effective as of the date hereof and shall remain in full force and effect for the period (the "Covered Period") commencing on the date hereof and ending on the date that is the earliest of: (i) the Company's failure to appoint the ValueAct Designee to the Board following the ValueAct Group's written request to the Company to have the ValueAct Designee appointed to the Board pursuant to Section 1(a) of this Agreement; (ii) the failure of the Company to comply in good faith with Section 1(e) of this Agreement; or (iii) the date which is the 60t h day prior to the Company's 2016 annual meeting of stockholders.
This Agreement shall take effect as of the Effective Date and shall expire upon completion of the Project as set forth in the Project Plan and after payment of all payments due and payable according to this Agreement, unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
"Expiration Date" means March 31, 2020.
The Joint Venture is a fixed term Joint Venture beginning November 27, 2018 and ending November 30th, 2019 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on February 1, 1998 and end on the first anniversary of the date of this Agreement; provided that (a) either party may terminate this Agreement, effective at any time after the first three months of the Term, by giving 30 days' written notice of termination to the other party, and (b) either party may terminate this Agreement at any time by giving written notice of termination to the other party, if the other party commits a material breach of its obligations hereunder that is not cured within 30 days after notice thereof from the non-breaching party.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue, unless terminated sooner in accordance with this Article VIII, until June 27, 2011 (the "Term").
This Agreement shall continue until terminated as provided herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated under the terms of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the Services to be provided with respect to any Account which is registered as an investment company under the 1940 Act (herein referred to as a "registered investment company") are services referred to in the definition of "investment advisor" under Section 202(a)(11) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (herein referred to as "investment advisory services"), then with respect to such Account, this Agreement: (i) shall not commence until the effective date of its approval by the board of directors or trustees ("Board") of such Account; (ii) shall continue from year to year thereafter, subject to the provisions for termination and all other terms and conditions hereof, only if such continuation shall be specifically approved at least annually by a majority of the Board, including a majority of the members of the Board who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons of any such party (other than as members of the Board) cast in person at a meeting called for that purpose; (iii) may be terminated at any time without the payment of any penalty by the Board or by a vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities (as defined in Section 2(a)(42) of the 1940 Act) of the Account on 60 days' written notice to the Adviser; (iv) shall automatically terminate in the event of (A) its assignment (as defined in the 1940 Act) or (B) termination of the Advisory Agreement for any reason whatsoever.
Subject to the remaining provisions of this Section, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the effective date first above written and shall continue until terminated by mutual agreement of the parties hereto or by either party on not less than 60 days' written notice to the other party hereto.
This Limited Power of Attorney shall be revoked and terminated automatically upon the cancellation or termination of the Services Agreement or as to any Fund upon the cancellation or termination of the Adviser's Investment Advisory Contract for such Fund.
Unless otherwise mutually agreed to by the Parties, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end upon expiration of the Term, unless terminated early as contemplated hereunder.
"Term" means, on a Country-by-Country and Collaboration Product-by-Collaboration Product basis, the period from the Effective Date until the later of (a) the expiration or termination of the last Valid Claim of a Patent Right covering the Pooled Compound in such Collaboration Product in such Country, and (b) fifteen (15) years from First Commercial Sale in such Country, unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with Article 14.
The term of the CDx Development Program shall be five (5) years.
The term for Database Insights under Section 3.1.8 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Database Insights Term").
The term "Agreement Term" shall mean the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is terminated sooner as provided in Article 17, expiring on the date when all work has been completed or terminated under all R&D Plans.
The initial term of the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program will be five (5) years beginning on the Effective Date.
The term for Sample Profiling set forth in Section 3.1.4 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Profiling Term").
This Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue for the Agreement Term.
The initial term of the ctDNA Platform Development Program will be twelve (12) months.
The initial term of this Agreement shall, unless sooner terminated by consent of all parties, expires in five (5) years from the date of Effective Date.
The Contract Term shall extend for a period of fifty (50) years.
This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date, and will continue until the expiration of the "Sales Term" as that term is defined in the Sales Dealer Agreement dated as of August 16, 2017 between Vivint and Vivint Solar Developer, LLC (the "Term")."
The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years, subject to the prior termination rights provided below.
Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, this Agreement continues in effect for an initial term of seven (7) years ("Initial Term") and will automatically renew for one or more annual periods after the Initial Term (each a "Renewal Term") unless either party gives notice of non-renewal at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the beginning of any Renewal Term.
The duration of this Venture (the "Term") will begin on March 1, 2020 and continue in full force and effect until February 28, 2025 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
This Amendment shall only become effective upon the VNBJ Closing with respect to Article 1.1 and the VNBZ Closing with respect to Article 1.2, and shall terminate without any force or effect in the event that the VNBJ SPA and the VNBZ SPA are terminated in accordance with the terms thereof.
This JV Agreement shall become effective on the signing date and shall have a duration of * years, extendable for a further * years, unless notice of non- renewal is sent one year before the natural expiry date.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of execution and shall continue in force and effect for an indefinite term thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the provisions of Article 16 or by all the Parties in writing.
This agreement shall terminate: a. Automatically if any public authority cancels or declines to renew the Agency's license or Certificate of Authority. b. Immediately if either party gives detailed written notice to the other of alleged gross and willful misconduct, fraud or material misrepresentation.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date hereof and shall terminate upon the termination of the Offering.
This Agreement will become effective as of the date first written above and will continue in effect thereafter until terminated pursuant to Paragraph 4.2 below.
This Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years commencing upon the Effective Date hereof unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement (the "Initial Term").
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the later to occur of the date that is (x) three (3) years from the date hereof and (y) the date on which an affiliate of Freedom Mortgage is not acting as the external manager of Cherry Hill.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years following the Effective Date or until the Studies are completed, whichever is later, unless extended or unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof.
Term: This Study Order will continue until the Study is completed, which is expected to be ________ (__) months after the Effective Date, or until terminated early as provided in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the date first set forth above and, shall expire on the later of (i) five (5) years from the date hereof, or (ii) with respect to any projects identified in any contract for which VET TECH is billing the client directly, upon the completion of COOL TECH's Services and receipt of payment by COOL TECH from VET TECH for said services.
Unless terminated sooner, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years thereafter (the "Initial Term") and shall automatically renew for additional one (1) year terms on the terms and conditions set forth herein (each a "Renewal Term" and collectively, the "Term") unless either party gives the other Party Notice of its intention to terminate this Agreement ninety (90) days before the end of the Initial Term or Renewal Term, if any.
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this ---- Agreement shall terminate on the later of (i) the third anniversary of the Effective Date or (ii) the date on which ETI ceases to be a Subsidiary of NTL.
THIS STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), made effective this 17t h day of February 2016, through February 16, 2019 (the "Initial Term") i
Either party may terminate this agreement after 3 years following the effective date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall remain in effect for a period of 5 years ("Initial Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years from the date of execution and may be extended subject to satisfactory agreement on ongoing commercial terms, to be agreed two (2) months prior to the expiration of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until the later of (a) the fourth (4th) anniversary of the Effective Date, or (b) the completion or termination of the Research and receipt by LBIO of all deliverables due from MD Anderson hereunder, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.2 or Section 9.14.
This Agreement is effective on the Effective Date and shah continue in effect until the earlier of (a) the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date, and (b) termination by either Party for any reason upon thirty (30) days' written notice to the other Party; provided, however, that no Party shall be able to terminate this Agreement so long as such Party is a Defaulting Party under this Agreement.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until it is terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 15 of this Agreement ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and will continue in effect until five (5) year(s) from such date (the "Initial Term") unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 25.
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Initial Term") will be ten (10) years from the Effective Date, provided that at any time following the 7th anniversary of such date, either party may terminate such strategic alliance upon not less than 60 days' prior written notice to the other party.
The rights and obligations of the Farids Group set forth in this Article VI (other than those set forth in Sections 6.8 and 6.9) shall terminate on the date that the Farids Group owns less than 3% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock, but in no event earlier than the Expiration Date (as defined in the Warrant).
The term of this Agreement is twenty-four (24) months.
This Agreement shall be for an initial term of five (5) years, and unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall automatically renew for an additional term of five (5) years thereafter.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for a term of ten (10) years, unless previously terminated in accordance with Clause 15 (Termination).
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of two (2) years ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 11 of this Agreement.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 4.2 or 4.3, this Agreement will be in effect from the Effective Date until completion of the Research Program.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of three (3) years after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement is effective on the day of May 1, 2013 and the effective term is the same as the Cooperation Ter
The Cooperation Term of the parties shall be two years from May 1, 2013 to April 30, 2015.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, (i) that this Section 8 shall survive any such termination and (ii) no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, shall continue in full force and effect until terminated pursuant to this Article 18.
This Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of: (i) the conclusion of the Standstill Period or (ii) delivery of written notice by one Party to the other Party of a material breach of this Agreement by the breaching Party that is uncured after ten (10) calendar days of notice of such breach.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement will be effective as of the date of its execution, and term of the Cooperation will be four years from the date on which the channel is uploaded.<omitted>The channel is expected to be uploaded on August 1, 201
Unless otherwise mutual agreed between the Parties, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the earlier of the below events occur: (a) The fifth (5t h) anniversary of this Agreement; and (b) Otkritie ceasing to own more than 2,237,216 class B shares or American depositary shares of QIWI.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period in accordance with Section 4, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
Subject to the other provisions contained herein, this AGREEMENT shall be for a term of thirty (30) years from the Effective Date, which shall automatically renew from year-to-year thereafter unless terminated by a Party upon sixty (60) days' written notice after the end of the term.
The term of this Agreement shall be fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the following provisions of this Article:
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this IP Agreement shall extend until the last date of expiration of the SRAM Intellectual Property rights licensed under this IP Agreement.
The term of this Agreement is five (5) years unless the early termination in accordance with this Agreement.
The provisions of this Agreement, including the license rights provided in this Article III, shall not be terminable or revocable for any reason.
The term of this IP Agreement shall be from the Effective Date until all of the Intellectual Property licensed hereunder is in the public domain (provided, however, that in such event the representations and warranties in Article III shall survive (and terminate) in accordance with the Acquisition Agreement) or this IP Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 4.3.
This Agreement shall remain in effect for sixty (60) months from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
Unless otherwise agreed in writing by Accuray and Distributor and subject to the termination rights contained in this Agreement, this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until the termination of the Strategic Alliance Agreement; provided, however, that if a Termination Election relating to this Agreement is made pursuant to Section 10.3 of the Strategic Alliance Agreement prior to such termination, this Agreement shall terminate 36 months after such Termination Election (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement shall terminate on May 31, 2015, unless sooner terminated.
As provided for in this Section 1, the term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years, beginning on the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"); provided, however, the Initial Term shall be subject to automatic successive renewal terms of three (3) years each (the "Renewal Terms" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
The terms of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date and will be automatically renewed on each anniversary of the effective date, for a renewal term of one year unless either party provides written notification of its intention not to renew this Agreement at least one month prior to the expiration of the initial or any renewal terms.
Distributor's appointment is for a term of one year from the Effective Date, renewable automatically unless terminated under Section 18
The Term will commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and will remain in effect, unless sooner terminated under paragraphs 5.2, 5.3, or 5.4, until the termination date specified in Exhibit A.
September 30, 1997
This Agreement shall have an initial term of one (1) year from the date first above written (the "Initial Term"), and shall thereafter automatically renew for successive two (2) year periods (each a "Renewal Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement shall be two (2) years from the Effective Date with automatic annual renewals thereafter provided either party does not provide sixty (60) days notice of termination prior to the renewal date or the Agreement is not otherwise terminated as set forth in Section 8.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) calendar years from the Agreement date.
The term of this Agreement shall be ten (10) years (the "Term") which shall commence on the date upon which the Company delivers to Distributor the last Sample, as defined hereinafter.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date first above written and shall terminate on 31 December 2006, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years from the date first set forth above and shall thereafter automatically renew for additional two (2) year terms unless a party provides the other party with notice of non-renewal no less than 6 months prior to the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term unless earlier terminated as follows
April 15, 2000 through October 15, 2000 (6 Months from the Effective Date)
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) years from the Effective Date and shall thereafter be automatically renewed for subsequent one (1) year periods unless either party notifies the other in writing of its election not to renew the Agreement at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the expiration of the then-current term.
Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until terminated by either Party upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice.
This contract shall be for a term of one year commencing on the date first above written; thereafter, it shall automatically continue until terminated by either party upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for 3 years (the "Initial Term") commencing on the date first set forth above (the "Commencement Date") and ending on the 3rd anniversary of the Commencement Date.
The Term of this Agreement shall be for a period of [* ****] years and [*****] months commencing the 1st day of September 2004 and terminating the [*****] day of [*****].
The term of the license hereby granted shall commence August 1, 1995 and continue until January 30, 2000, unless sooner terminated in the manner provided in the immediately succeeding sentence or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
Unless otherwise provided for in this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall be three years, commencing on the date of this Agreement and expiring on the third anniversary date of this Agreement (the "Termination Date").
The COMPANY agrees to a one year engagement to contract the CELEBRITY to speak at the company meetings and seminars along with endorsement of the Company products.
Notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement shall terminate upon the Trust's payment to the Company of the sum of the aggregate amount of the premiums paid under the Policy since inception (which amount includes the outstanding principal balance of the Demand Note).
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing on January 1, 2000 and concluding December 31, 2003, unless terminated sooner as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall extend from the date of execution hereof through and until _______, unless extended by written agreement of the parties.
The term of this Agreement shall commence January 1, 1996, and shall continue for a period of three (3) years, concluding December 31, 1998.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing as of May 31, 1999 and concluding May 31, 2000.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Article 13, shall continue in full force and effect, on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the Secondary Royalty Term with respect to such Product expires, at which time this Agreement shall expire in its entirety with respect to such Product in such country.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and unless terminated earlier by mutual written agreement of the Parties or pursuant to Section 9.2 (Termination At Will) or Section 9.3 (Termination for Cause) below, the term of this Agreement shall continue in effect until Achaogen ceases development and commercialization of Plazomicin ("Term").
Except as provided in Sections 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, and 6.5, this Agreement shall terminate one (1) year from the Rig Release Date, if such has not been terminated sooner pursuant to the provisions hereof.
The term of this Agreement shall be for 10 years commencing on the date of execution of this Agreement by AIRSOPURE.
The Term shall begin on the Effective Date and will end, without further notice, on the Expiration Date set forth in the Addendum, unless terminated earlier under the terms of this Agreement.<omitted>Expiration Date: at midnight on the last day of the month fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date
The term of this Agreement starts on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is earlier terminated in accordance with its provisions, will expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date.
You must operate the Franchise at a mutually agreeable site (the "Premises") to be identified after the signing of this Agreement, and to use the System and the Marks in the operation of that Franchise, for a term of 10 years (the "Initial Term")
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, this Agreement will expire on _______________________________________.
This Agreement shall be effective as of that date (the "Effective Date") the Site becomes fully operational as set forth in writing and executed by both Parties and shall continue for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date.
This Agreement will be effective beginning on 12:01 a.m., Eastern Time, on the day after the date of last signature to these Base Terms ("Effective Date") and ending on the expiration and/or termination of all Service Option Attachments, unless the Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and will terminate on the third anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreemen
This Agreement will take effect on the Effective Date and remain in effect for a period of 1 year; provided, that Sections 2 and 3 level shall terminate promptly upon (a) any action or omission by Client or any of its customers which constitutes a breach of or default by TrueLink under any System Agreement or Credit Repository Agreement, which breach or default has either not been cured or cannot be cured within the applicable cure period and the consequences of which is that TrueLink will lose material rights it had pursuant to said Agreements or (b) any violations or breach by Client of Sections 8a - 8c.
This agreement shall be for a term of five years from the date of this document.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.
"Term" means the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and continuing thereafter indefinitely until this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 10 below.
Subject to early termination of this Agreement pursuant to Sections 7.2, 7.3 or 7.4, this Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue until the expiration or earlier termination of the Development and License Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid for a period of five (5) years with automatic renewal of one year thereafter until terminated<omitted>by either party with one (1) year written notice prior to the expiration of the initial period or any extension period thereof.
Unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 12.2 below, the initial term of this Agreement shall expire on 31 December 2024 (the "Initial Term") unless the Parties mutually agree in writing any extension to the Initial Term.
This Agreement shall have a term of four (4) years from the effective date first set forth above, and shall automatically renew for additional one year terms unless earlier terminated by either party.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall extend for a period of Five (5) years thereafter ("Initial Term"), unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein or is extended by mutual written agreement of the Parties.
Unless terminated earlier as provided herein, this Agreement shall terminate on the date three (3) years from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement is three years from and including the date of this Agreement (the "Initial Term"), with automatic renewal for additional successive one-year terms (each a "Renewal Term" and together wit the Initial Term, the "Term") unless no later than [* * *] days prior to the end of the Initial Term, or any Renewal Term either party notifies the other that it wishes to terminate this Agreement effective the end of the Initial Term or that Renewal Term, as applicable.
Except as otherwise set forth in Sections 9.2 and 9.3 or Exhibit A hereof, the term of this Agreement shall be eighteen (18) months ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for a period of one year from the date of its execution and from year to year thereafter provided such continuance is specifically approved by a majority of the trustees of the Trust who (i) are not "interested persons" of the Trust or any other party to this Agreement, as defined in the 1940 Act, and (ii) have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of this Agreement ("Non- Interested Trustees").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3 of this Agreement, shall continue until the twentieth (20th) anniversary of the Effective Date; provided, however, (i) Operator shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Owner, if Operator provides a substitute operator acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, who (A) has experience operating similar assets, (B) has the ability to provide at least the same quality of service as Operator, (C) has the financial ability to perform the obligations hereunder, and (D) is ready, willing and able to execute an operation and maintenance agreement substantially similar to this Agreement and acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, and (ii) Owner shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Operator.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 8, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
To the extent not terminated previously by AIG pursuant to the foregoing, this Agreement will terminate automatically one year after the closing of any sale of the Company by AIG, and all provisions hereof will be of no further force and effect.
It shall be effective on 06 October 2000 and shall have a duration of two years.
Subject to termination pursuant to this Agreement, the Non Exclusive license granted by Licensor to Licensee shall be for an initial period of 36 months, commencing from the acceptance date, (the "Initial Period").
This Agreement and the license granted under this Agreement shall remain in effect perpetually as long as fees are paid by Sparkling in accordance with the Fee Schedule and the Agreement is not otherwise terminated in accordance with this Section.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for an initial period of five years until terminated in the manner described in Clause 16 below.
In addition, DCL may terminate this Agreement with effect from the 3rd, 4th or 5th anniversary of the Commencement Date by giving not less than six months notice in writing to SEV
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Services Commencement Date and remain effective for ten (10) years (the "Initial Term") unless terminated in accordance with its terms.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in operation for at least a period of twenty-five (25) years (hereinafter called "Initial Period") after the RFCS Date and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
This Agreement shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of: (i) the date on which the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement equal $5,000,000; (ii) the Release Date (as defined in Section 19) or (iii) payment in full, in cash, of all Obligations and the termination of the Financing Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement is less than $5,000,000 and any payment, or any part thereof, on account of any of the Obligations is invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Agent or the Lenders upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or reorganization of any Borrower or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for any Borrower, or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Article 9.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date and year first above written and shall continue in operation for at least an initial period of twenty-five (25) years following the RFS Date (hereinafter referred to as "initial Period") and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
Subject to the provisions of this AGREEMENT, and with effect from the date when the party signing last in time appends its signature to this agreement ("the effective date"), and enduring in perpetuity unless terminated as provided for elsewhere in this AGREEMENT, SAP AFRICA grants, and TELKOM accepts a non-exclusive, non-transferable licence to USE the SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION and other SAP AFRICA PROPRIETARY INFORMATION at the specified DESIGNATED SITE within the TERRITORY.
The licence granted hereunder shall become effective upon execution of this AGREEMENT by both parties and shall endure indefinitely unless terminated under clause 6. 2.
Upon expiration of that 12 months, MMMW affords the Customer the opportunity of a continuation of support on an annual basis as follows: The Initial Term of this Technical Infrastructure Maintenance Agreement is twelve months, commencing on the Effective Date.
This Agreement commences on the date first above written, and will remain in effect for the period of five (5) years, except as otherwise provided herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 7, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, shall continue for the duration of the Lease, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3.
The initial period of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue until March 31, 2003.
This OMA shall expire upon the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the Effective Date and (ii) the date that all Shares of Stock of the Seller Trusts as set forth on Schedule A hereto have been sold (the "Term").
The Term will be 3 years from Effective Date with an automatic 2 year term extensions unless otherwise advised by one of the Parties.
This Agreement between HEMISPHERX and SCIEN shall be in effect beginning the last date of execution set forth on the signature page to the Agreement (the "Effective Date") to which this Quality Agreement is Exhibit 2 and remain in effect until HEMISPHERX and SCIEN terminate the Agreement or it is superseded by a revised Quality Agreement executed by both parties.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue unless and until terminated as provided herein.
Subject to Article 22.2, this Agreement shall remain in force for an Initial Period of 1 year, which may be renewed by mutual consent for such period as the Parties may agree ("Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement or for any of the following reasons:
This Agreement begins on the Effective Date and shall continue indefinitely unless sooner terminated as provided in this Article 5.
This Agreement shall terminate as to the Remarketing Agent and its obligations hereunder with respect to VRRM-MFP Shares upon the earliest to occur of (a) the effective date of the resignation or removal of such Remarketing Agent pursuant to Section 5(a) and Section 5(b), respectively, (b) the completion of a successful Transition Remarketing on a New Mode Commencement Date in connection with transition to a new Mode, or (c) the date on which no VRRM-MFP Shares are Outstanding.
In addition, the<omitted>obligations of the Remarketing Agents may be terminated by them by notice given to the Company prior to 12:00 noon, New York City time on the Remarketing Settlement Date if, prior to that time, any of the applicable conditions precedent to the obligations of the Remarketing Agents described in Section 5 hereof shall have failed to occur.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to earlier termination in accordance with the provisions of Section 16, shall continue in force for a period being the longer of fifteen (15) years from first Commercial Launch of the Product in the Territory or until the expiration of the last valid claim in the PPI Patents covering the Product in any country of the Territory (the "Initial Term").
In addition, the obligations of the Remarketing Agent hereunder may be terminated by it by notice given to the Company prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date immediately preceding the Commencement Date if, prior to that time, any of the events described in Sections 6(i), (j) or (k) shall have occurred.
This Agreement shall terminate (i) the Business Day immediately following the Remarketing Settlement Date, (ii) at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the last date of the Remarketing if the Remarketing is not successful or (iii) on the effective date of the resignation or removal of the Remarketing Agent and the appointment of a new Remarketing Agent.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Agreement or extended by mutual agreement between the parties, shall continue in effect for thirty six (36) months following the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall be effective on the later of the dates that it is executed by Imprimis and Surgical (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate pursuant to the terms of the SOW (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided in this Agreement, the initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period beginning on the Effective Date and ending ten (10) years thereafter unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall be five years commencing on the Effective Date and ending at the close of business on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement shall commence with the first race ----- of the 1998 Winston Cup season and shall continue until the final race of the year-2000 Winston Cup season.
The term of this Agreement will begin on December 15, 1997 and will end the later of (i) December 15, 1999 or (ii) Excite's delivery of all of the guaranteed Click-throughs described in Section 1(f).
This Agreement shall terminate and, subject to the provisions set forth below, be of no further force or effect on the exercise by the Sponsor of its right to terminate this Agreement as provided in subsection 6.2, provided that, in any event, sections 3, 7 and 8 and, in the event that such termination occurs by virtue of paragraph 6.2(b), subsection 2.5 shall not terminate (except as set forth therein) and shall continue in full force and effect for the benefit of the Sponsor or the other parties to this Agreement, as the case may be.
The term (the "Term") shall commence on November 1, 2007 and end on October 31, 2008 (unless terminated earlier in accordance with the General Provisions).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force and effect until one (1) year subsequent to the Effective Date, provided however, that Tickets may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon thirty (30) days' notice to MP3. com at any time prior to the expiration of sixty (60) days subsequent to the Effective Date.
This term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and terminates on August 2nd, 2015 upon completion of event.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for six (6) months.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue in effect for a period of five (5) years (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions set out herein.
This Agreement shall continue in force for a term of twelve (12) months from the Effective Date, unless terminated earlier under the provisions of this Article 8 (the "Term"); PROVIDED that TouchStar shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time after the Effective Date upon not less than fifteen (15) days' prior written notice to Reseller.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for an Initial Term of five (5) years, and will automatically renew for additional periods of five (5) years unless one Party notifies the other of its intention not to renew, no less than 12 months prior to the expiration of the then-current term, unless terminated as permitted under this Agreement.
This Agreement comes into force as of the Effective Date and shall remain valid during the term of the LSA.
This Supply Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue for a period of [***] unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Supply Agreement.
Unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.2 below, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a FIVE (5) year period.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of its execution and shall remain in force for three years (the "Initial Term").
The term of this Supply Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date first set forth above and shall remain in effect until the later of (a) July 31, 2021 or (b) the date that the Parties enter into the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement and Sutro is supplying to SutroVax each Product under the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement (the "Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with Section 10.2.
The term of this Agreement will commence upon the Effective Date and will continue until the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated or extended under this Article 8 (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of the Services, unless terminated as set out herein, shall continue up to and including 28 February 2000 ("the Initial Term").
This Development Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and continue for four (4) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 10.2, or unless the parties extend the term by mutual written Development Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement will be in effect for one year from the Effective Date and will automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods unless terminated as provided below.
This Agreement shall be effective through and including March 31, 2004.
This Agreement shall be effective until the earlier of (a) its termination in accordance with the provisions of this Article 14 or (b) the date that is two (2) years after the date of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement will renew automatically for successive terms of one (1) year each unless a party to this Agreement delivers written notice of termination to the other party to this Agreement at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the original or any renewal term or the parties to this Agreement do not agree in writing to the Quota Amount referred to in subsection 14.2(b)(1) for any one (1) year renewal term at least sixty (60) days prior to the commencement of such term.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on January 1, 2000 and continue for an initial period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 7 hereof, and may be renewed under Section 8 hereof (the initial period plus any renewal period, the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This agreement shall begin upon the date of its execution by MA and acceptance in writing by Company and shall remain in effect until the end of the current calendar year and shall be automatically renewed for successive one (1) year periods unless otherwise terminated according to the cancellation or termination provisions contained in paragraph 18 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall terminate on June 30, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement commences as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to any express provision of this Agreement, shall continue until five (5) years following the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b) [Term and Termination].
The term of this Agreement shall be effective as of the date first stated above and shall continue for a term of three (3) years, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement (the "Term"); provided, however, that PrimeCall may elect to terminate this Agreement, upon thirty (30) days' written notice, at any time from and after the time that collectively RSL Communications, Ltd. and/or its Affiliates holds less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of DeltaThree's outstanding shares.
This Agreement will become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated pursuant to Sections 3.1<omitted>, shall remain effective for two (2) years from and after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This agreement shall commence as of date first above written, and shall Continue through December 31, 2004 ("the Term").
The Term shall commence on July 23, 2013 and shall expire on July 22, 2016, unless otherwise terminated earlier pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall have an Initial Term of three (3) years.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for a period of five years following the initial date of execution of the Memorandum, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 6.2 or Section 2.8 ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall begin as of the Effective Date and continue until Acceptance of all Deliverables for Milestones #1 and #2 pursuant to Section 3.4 and completion of Milestone #3, unless earlier terminated under Section 8.2, as provided for under the Other Agreements, or as mutually agreed by the Parties.
The term of this Agreement shall automatically become effective upon the occurrence of (i) ETON executing a commercial supply agreement with a contract manufacturing organization within forty-five (45) days of the Execution Date, provided that ETON has exercised best efforts to execute such agreement and the failure to execute is solely caused by the refusal or inability of the proposed manufacturing organization to sign a reasonable agreement; and (ii) acceptance for review of the Dossier or marketing application for [ * * * ] by the FDA no later than September 2, 2019 (such date, the "Effective Date") and shall end upon the termination or expiration of the Agreement as set forth in Section 11 (the "Term").
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Article, this Agreement will continue in full force beginning on the Effective Date and ending two (2) years thereafter ("Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the longer of the first anniversary of the Effective Date or the duration of the Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement (the "Term").
This agreement begins on the Commencement Date and, subject to clause 11.2, shall continue for an initial term of one (1) years (Initial Term) and indefinitely after that until terminated by either party giving at least twelve (12) months' prior written notice to expire on or after the expiry date of the initial term.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date first written above and shall continue in effect for a period of Three (3) years.
This Agreement shall become effective upon the date first written above and shall remain in full force and effect for a period of two years (2), unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions in this Agreement.
Unless terminated earlier as provided in this agreement, this Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms hereo
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and automatically renewing annually thereafter, unless either party provides a thirty-day notice of written termination one to the other ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of four (4) years, commencing on the Effective Date, which term may be extended for up to three (3) years by written agreement of both Parties prior to the expiration date of the initial term or any extension thereof (collectively, the "Term").
The term of the Franchise shall be twenty (20) years, commencing on January 1, 2016.
The term of this Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue until terminated as hereinafter provided (the "Term").
Terms of the project: 12 weeks from February 8, 2018 to May 3, 2018
This Agreement shall come into force on the Date of the Agreement, and shall, subject to article 18, remain in full force and effect for an initial period of *** from the Commercial Launch Date.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for one (I) year, unless earlier terminated as expressly provided in Sections 1.3. 10.1. or 10.2 of this Agreement (the *Initial Term")
This Agreement will remain in effect for Thirty-six (36)<omitted>months following the Hosting Service Ready Date ("Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Article XVI, this IP Agreement and the licenses granted herein will continue in effect from the Effective Date until the expiration of the last to expire of the Patents and any additional period of time thereafter that any of the Patents remain enforceable such as in the United States where a party can sue for infringement after a patent expires and seek damages for any infringement of the patent during the six years immediately preceding the filing of a suit for infringement.
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate on December 31, 2034 (such period, including as may be extended in accordance with the subsequent sentence, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article 11, shall expire on the last day of the Royalty Term.
This term of this Agreement shall commence on the EFFECTIVE DATE and shall continue, in each country, until the date of expiration of the last to expire patent within PATENT RIGHT(S) in that country.
The "Term" of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration or earlier termination of the last Addendum to expire or be terminated, at which time this Agreement will expire, unless this Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") (a) shall commence on the first day of the Warranty Period for the first Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation and (b) shall, unless terminated earlier under Section 4.1 of this Agreement or unless extended by mutual agreement of the Parties, terminate on the date that is the last day of the Warranty Period for the last Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation.
Subject to all other terms and conditions set forth herein, as of the date of this agreement, LEADER maintain the software for an additional five years.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of year as of the Effective Date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated, shall continue in full force and effect for a period of [***] years thereafter.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect for an initial term of **** from the Supply Commencement Date of the Product ("Initial Term").
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Facility Addendum, this Agreement (a) shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of four (4) years from such date (the "Initial Term" of this Agreement), unless sooner terminated pursuant to Section 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 or 7.7, and (b) may be extended for up to three (3) additional periods of twelve (12) months (each, an "Extension Period") by written notice given by Customer to Manufacturer not less than twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Extension Period, as the case may be.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the 60th day following a written notice from one party to the other of its decision to terminate this Agreement at the end of such 60-day period or upon termination of the applicable Distribution Agreement with respect to a Fund.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on the date hereof (the "Commencement Date"), and will continue until the earlier of (i) December 31, 2022, (ii) the termination or expiration of the Studio Lease (defined below), (iii) election to terminate and notice thereof given by Programmer to Licensee, and (iv) mutual written consent of Licensee and Programmer (the "Term"), unless extended or earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11 hereof.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a period of five (5) years from the Reseller's first purchase order for Product issued to Todos (the "Initial Term"), unless terminated earlier by one of the parties in accordance with the terms of this Section 11.
The term of this JSMA shall commence on May 1, 2020 (the "Commencement Date") and ends at April 30, 2029 (the "Term"), with automatic renewals each for a period of five (5) years (a "Renewal Term") unless notice is given pursuant to 5.2.
Unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of Section ​12, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until July 31, 2019 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid until the [* * *] (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue to be in full force and effect for so long as Photronics and DNP, or any of their Affiliates, each remains a Shareholder of the Company.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect through December 31, 2021 and any Renewal Term (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier as set forth herein.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 12, shall extend until the four (4) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on September 10, 2015 and shall continue for One (1) Year (the "Term").
This Agreement becomes effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 11, shall continue until the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect for an initial period of 1 year ("Initial Term").
This term of this Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereto shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in perpetuity (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions contained herein.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of twelve (12) full calendar months ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term"), unless mutually extended by written agreement of the Parties or unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall commence effective as of the date hereof and shall expire on December 31, 2028.
This Agreement shall continue until January 18, 2022, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods ending on January 18th of each year, provided such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (a) the Fund's Board of Trustees and (b) a vote of a majority (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund's Trustees who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of the Plan, in this Agreement, or any agreement related to the Plan (the "Qualified Trustees"), by vote cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting on such approval.
With respect to each of the Services, the term thereof will be for a period commencing as of the date hereof, unless a different date is specified as the commencement date for any applicable Service on Exhibit A or Exhibit B (either, a "Commencement Date"), and shall continue until 12 months following the Commencement Date unless (i) such other date as is specified as the termination date for any applicable Service in this Agreement or on Exhibit A or Exhibit B, as applicable (the "Term") or (ii) earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement (a "Termination Date").
Cellco's appointment as custodian is effective as of the Initial Cutoff Date and will continue until the later of (i) the date on which all obligations of the Issuer have been paid in full and (ii) the date on which such appointment is terminated under this Section 3.10(f).
This Agreement will terminate on the earlier to occur of (a) the date upon which the last remaining Receivable is paid in full, settled, sold or written off and any amounts received are applied and (b) the Issuer is terminated under Section 8.1 of the Trust Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence as of April 1, 2018 (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon the later of: (a) the conclusion of the 2022/23 NFL season and (b) the last day in February, 2023 (such expiration date, the "Scheduled Expiration Date"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be valid for five (5) years from February 1, 2019 through January 31, 2024 unless this Agreement is terminated earlier pursuant to Section 14 (the "Term").
The term of this agreement will begin on April 1, 2018 and continue until April 30, 2018 at 11:59pm.
This agreement is for a term of ten (10) years.
This Agreement shall commence on March 15, 2018 and will expire on March 14, 2020 unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 13 of the Agreement (the "Term")
The Contract is valid for 5 years, beginning from and ended on .
The "Term" of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will end on the earlier of: (a) the first anniversary of the expiration date of the last Purchase Schedule (as defined in this next Section); (b) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party any time after the expiration of the last Purchase Schedule; or (c) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party as provided in Subsection 11(d) of this Agreement.
Termination Date: December 31, 2023
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the time periods set forth in Schedules 1 and 2 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and continues in perpetuity, unless termination occurs pursuant to Sections 4.2 through 4.4.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
The license granted to the Licensee under this Agreement shall continue perpetually
This Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
TERM: November 01, 2014 to October 31, 2017
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
Period of transportation services: this Agreement is valid for an indefinite term.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and unless earlier terminated as provided elsewhere in this Agreement, will end automatically upon the end of Year 3.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for one (1) year following the Launch Date, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
The Term shall commence on the date of this Agreement and, unless earlier terminated or extended as provided below, shall end as of December 31, 2000.
The term of this Agreement shall be for a period of two (2) years (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall end fifteen months therefrom.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon delivery of [**] to ebix, but in no way shall this Agreement extend any later than thirty (30) months from the Effective Date regardless of the number Filled Application Forms delivered to ebix. About will make commercially reasonable efforts to achieve that number in twelve (12) months or less from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end three (3) years from the date the Co-Branded Application becomes accessible to Excite@Home Members ("Launch Date").
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the date above, and shall continue for a term of one (1) year
Term shall mean the Effective Date through June 15, 2001 and any Renewal Term (as defined in paragraph 7.4 herein.)
INITIAL TERM shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the second anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11.
Initial Term shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the fourth anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8
This Agreement shall be effective upon the ------------------- Effective Date and shall remain in force for a period of one (1) year, and shall be automatically renewed for successive periods of one (1) year unless otherwise terminated as provided herein.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in force for three years from the Launch Date (the "Initial Term") unless earlier
"Launch Date" means the first date on which the Service is made publicly available.<omitted>This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date and will continue in effect for 2 years following the Launch Date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall ----------------------- commence on the Effective Date and end on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the date that the Affiliate Registration Form is approved by Chase and will end when terminated by either party.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of five (5) years from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term") after which this Agreement may be extended on mutual agreement of the parties (a "Renewal Term," and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
This Agreement will remain in force for perpetuity or until and unless otherwise mutually agreed or amended in writing by both parties.
The term of this Agreement will begin upon acceptance of Affiliate's Program application and will end when terminated by either party of this Agreement.
This Agreement is entered into for an unlimited period of time.
This Agreement shall be for the term of one year; thereafter, the Agreement shall renew automatically under these same terms and agreements unless superceded by future agreements.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until either Party informs the other Party with thirty (30) day prior written notice of termination of this Agreement.
The "Initial Term" shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire on March 31, 2011.
The term ("Term") of this Agreement shall be for one hundred eighty days (180) from the date set forth below unless Network 1 or Visa or MasterCard or Harris Bank doesn't approve Affiliate's ISO application, in which case, the Term will be 3 years.
Unless sooner terminated under the provisions hereof, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of one (1) year ("Term"). provided however, that the Parties may extend the Term for an additional year period by entering into an written addendum of the Agreement extending such term.
"CONTRACT PERIOD" means that period of time commencing upon the full execution of this Agreement by both Parties and terminating on May 31, 2016 unless sooner terminated under this Agreement.
All terms of this Agreement will automatically commence on November 1st, 2017, and expire on November 2nd, 2020.
"Term" means: 1.5t January 2013 to 315t December 2013 or until terminated under the provisions of this Agreement or the Primary Agreement.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time from February 21, 2011 through December 31, 2012.
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and ending on February 19, 2013 ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for two years from the date hereof, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (A) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund and (B) the vote of a majority of the Fund's directors who are not parties to this Agreement or "interested persons" (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Fund Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the Investment Fund Act.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this ARTICLE 13, shall remain in effect on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the expiration of the Royalty Term applicable to such Product and country (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect until the expiration of the Sublicense Agreement, unless earlier termination by pursuant to the terms of this Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4 of this Agreement, will continue until the expiration of the Warranty Period as defined in subsection 9(a) of this Agreement.
Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, the Parties' respective rights and obligations under this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force for ten (10) years after the First Commercial Sale of the first Licensed Product, and shall thereafter automatically renew for an unlimited period of time unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Section 15.2.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein, unless earlier terminated by either party, this Agreement shall expire on ______, 20___, and all rights of Developer herein shall cease and all unapplied or unused Development Fees paid pursuant to Section 3 hereof shall be forfeited to Franchisor.
Unless terminated pursuant to Section 10 or 11 below, it shall expire upon the earlier of the date specified in Exhibit "B" or upon the opening of the last El Pollo Loco® Restaurant listed in the Development Schedule.
Dr. Murray's obligations set out herein shall be performed from the Effective Date until December 31, 2018 (the initial "Services Term").
Except as otherwise stated herein as pertaining only to a Services Term, this Agreement shall remain in effect for ten years, unless terminated in accordance with Sections 6.1 (a) or 6.2(b).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance herewith, shall continue in force and effect until (a) the date of expiration of the last Royalty Term for the last Licensed Product, or (b) the expiration of the License Option Period and the failure of AbbVie to exercise the License Option (such period, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") will begin on the date this Agreement is signed by the last signatory ("Effective Date") and remain in effect for [***]; provided, however, that the terms of this Agreement shall remain applicable to any SOW that was executed by the Parties prior to the expiration or termination of this Agreement but whose period of performance extends beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue thereafter for a period of twelve (12) months (the "Initial Term").
The Term shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of five (5) years.
The term "Term" shall mean an initial term of five years, automatically renewable thereafter for successive 5-year terms unless either party provides prior written notice of termination not less than 90 days prior to the end of such five-year term; provided, however, T&B shall have the right to terminate the license after the first year of the Term if LEA does not conduct the Business so as to meet the Cash Sales benchmarks set by the parties for years two through five of the Term, as set forth in Section 3.3, below.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless the Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will come into effect on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force for ten (10) years from the Launch (the "Initial Term"), or the date of expiry of the last valid patent of the Licensed Product, whichever comes later, subject to clauses 19.2, 19.3, 19.4 and 19.5 hereunder
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will commence on the Effective Date and will expire upon the earliest of (i) termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 14.2, or (ii) the date of payment of the last Approval Payment due based on all applicable Regulatory Approvals which have been received.
The term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article XII, shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration of Sanofi's payment obligations under Article IX or the Profit/Loss Share Agreement, whichever is later (the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 14 hereof (the "Term").
This Agreement commences on the date it is executed and shall continue until full performance by both parties, or until earlier terminated by one party under the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will be for the maximum period of six (6) months beginning for the commencement date, renewable in accordance with the terms hereof, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.
This Agreement will be in effect for three (3) years from the Effective Date ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Unless otherwise stated in the Appendix the term of this letter Agreement shall continue for twenty-four (24) months with the effective date unless terminated sooner or extended pursuant to the terms hereof ("Initial Term")
Contract end: 04-01-08
The initial term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and end twelve (12) months after the Launch (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b).
This Agreement and the provisions hereof, except as otherwise provided, shall be in full force and effect commencing on the date of execution by both Parties and shall extend for an initial term of two (2) years.
This Agreement will become effective as of the last date of signature (Effective Date) and shall, unless sooner terminated as provided below or as otherwise agreed, remain effective for an initial term of 10 Years following the first date of public availability of the PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Content within a THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION Property (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the date on which it is signed and affixed with the corporate seals by the authorized representative of each Party and have a term of five (5) years commencing as of the effective date hereof.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, except as set forth in Subsection (ii), continue in full force and effect through the Delivery Period.
This agreement will be in effect until the end of 2006 and will be evaluated at that time.
This Agreement shall take effect from the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect for twenty (20) years thereafter, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Clause 8.
Expiration Date: August 31, 2006
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on the Expiration Date set forth above (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 3(b).
The Term of the Agreement is hereby extended to January 20, 2012 unless sooner terminated as provided for in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be in effect until March 18. 2021, unless sooner terminated by either party upon (30) days written notice, without cause.
This contract shall remain in effect initially for the five (5) year term ("Initial Term") from the date signed and shall be automatically extended for one (1) year periods after the Initial Term ("Renewal Term") unless (i) either party provides written notice of its intention not to renew the Agreement within 180 days prior to any Renewal Term; or (ii) this Agreement is otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms of this Section 12.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate in _____________, on _____________, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement may be renewed for successive one (1) year periods if STAAR and Distributor expressly agree in writing and in their sole discretion to renew this Agreement prior to the foregoing termination date or any successive renewal term.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until September 1, 2045, unless earlier terminated by either Party pursuant to this Article 12 (the "Term").
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, all rights and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect for a period of eighteen (18) months after the initial theatrical release of that Property.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, including Robots, Kingdom of Heaven, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, In Her Shoes, Idiocracy (Oww My Balls) and Ice Age II, all right and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect until March 31, 2008."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Term") is the Effective Date through March 15, 2022.
This Agreement expires ten (10) years from the Agreement Date (the "Term"), unless it is terminated sooner as provided in other sections of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided under this Agreement, shall terminate five (5) years following the date of launch of the first Website, but in no event later than February 28, 2013 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue thereafter for a period of two (2) years, unless extended by written agreement of both parties or sooner terminated as set forth below.
This Agreement and the license granted herein shall remain effective until terminated.
Unless otherwise provided herein, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue through the completion or termination of Developer's services and work product as mutually agreed upon between the Parties (the Project).
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Commencement Date and will continue through December 31, 2022 or until this Agreement is otherwise terminated in accordance with its provisions ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate automatically without notice on December 31, 2022, unless the Parties agree in writing to extend the term of the Agreement (the initial term and any renewal terms are referred to collectively herein as the "Term").
This Second Amendment shall be effective from The Second Amendment Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2021.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue for a period of three (3) years therefrom (the "Term").
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue until termination as provided below.
This Agreement is for a term (the "Term") of 12 months from the Effective Date on June 1s t 2020 and expiring May 31st 2021.
This Agreement shall be in full force and effect commencing on January 2, 2020 and shall remain in effect for one (1) year or until Consultant completes the services requested
The term of this Agreement shall commence on January 10th, 2019 and shall expire on the day that is twenty-four (24) months from that date (the "Term of Engagement") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Term: twelve (12) months from the date of the Agreement which term shall automatically renew for an additional twelve (12) months on such date if the Agreement is not otherwise terminated according to Section 8 of the Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be the sooner of six (6) months from the Effective Date, or replacement of this Agreement with a subsequent agreement between the Parties.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the four-year anniversary of the Effective Date (such period, as it may be extended, either by the mutual written agreement of the parties or automatically, or earlier terminated being referred to as the "Consultation Period"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4, and shall automatically renew for successive one-year periods, unless the Company provides 90 days' notice of termination before any such successive period.
The term of this Agreement is for a period of five (5) years (the "Term") commencing on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the termination provisions of this Agreement, ending on January 31, 2025.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall expire twenty (20) years from the effective date of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
The term of this Agreement for the Hosted Site shall commence upon April 1, 1999 and shall continue for a period of six (6) months, unless earlier terminated in accordance with provisions hereof.
This Agreement shall continue in effect from the Effective Date for a one (1) year period, unless earlier terminated as set forth below, and thereafter shall renew automatically for successive one (1) year periods unless either party gives the other party at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of its intent not to renew the Agreement.
The effective term is 12 months beginning March 1, 2005 and ending February 28, 2006.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a period of 12 months thereafter (the "Period") in full force and effect until it is terminated in accordance with this Section 3.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated under this Article, shall continue in effect until the Conversion Date (the "Term"); provided that, with respect to any LMG Tools identified in Exhibit A as having a license term beyond the Conversion Date, TAG's License to, and LMG's obligation to provide LMG Services for, such LMG Tools shall survive for the period specified in Exhibit A.
The term of this Agreement is for ten (10) years commencing on the date of this Agreement, unless terminated as provided by this Agreement.
The obligations of the Agent pursuant to this Agreement shall terminate upon termination of the Offering, but in no event later than 45 days after the completion of the Subscription Offering (the "End Date").
The initial term of this Agreement is one (1) year from the date of delivery of the Product to Licensee unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
1 April 2009
The maintenance is for a period of one (1) year commencing upon expiration of the initial one (1) year term of the License/Services Schedule.
XIMAGE's obligations hereunder shall become effective upon the "Effective Date" and, unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall remain in full force and effect for at least one year thereafter.
This Agreement be deemed effective as of the Effective Date, Agreement and shall terminate on December 31, 2020, unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 3.2.
This Agreement shall continue in force until the earlier to occur of (i) the Owner no longer owns any Receivables or Participation Interests, and (ii) subject to Section 7(d), the delivery of written notice of termination by the Owner to the Servicer pursuant to Section 7(c), in each case upon which event this Agreement shall automatically terminate unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Servicer and the Owner.
Agent's appointment hereunder shall commence on the next business day after the later of (i) the date hereof, or (ii) the date Agent has confirmed that Client's records have been converted to Agent's system (the "Effective Date"), and shall continue for three years thereafter (the "Initial Term").
In relation to each Fund, this Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (a) the expiration of the term of such Fund or (b) the date, if any, on which Oaktree US (or any affiliate it has substituted in its stead in accordance with such Fund's Fund Agreement) is removed as general partner of such Fund or (c) the Sub-Advisor ceasing to be authorised and regulated by the FCA.
This Agreement shall take effect on the date of signature of the Agreement by both parties and shall terminate when all obligations required of both parties hereunder are performed unless either terminated earlier or extended by the parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement subject to clause 4.0.
At any time that there is no uncompleted Statement of Work outstanding, either party may terminate this Agreement for any or no reason upon fifteen (15) days advance notice to the other.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof and shall continue until terminated by either party pursuant to Paragraph 6 hereof.
The term of this Services Agreement shall begin on the date of execution and shall continue in effect for a period of two years.
Subject to the provisions for termination hereinafter provided, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a minimum period of 12 months (the "Minimum Period") and thereafter upon the mutual agreement of the Company and Maimon (the "Service Term").
This Agreement shall terminate (a) at the option of any party, upon 90 days' advance written notice to the other parties hereto; or (b) in the event of a material breach that has not been cured within ten days following a written notice of breach to the breaching party.
This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by the Parties.
The Appointment may be terminated by either party giving the other at least 12 months' notice in writing.
Your employment shall commence on 26 September 2019 and shall continue unless and until either party gives notice to the other in accordance with paragraph 11 below.
This Agreement shall terminate immediately and automatically upon the termination of Company's Participation Agreement(s) with the Funds, and in such event no notice need be given hereunder.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
"Service Period" means April. 1st 2019 through to March 30, 2020<omitted>The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
Subject to earlier termination as provided below, this Service Agreement is for the total duration of the Company's Offering (the "Initial Term") unless either party requests termination at least 30 days prior to the end of the then-current term.
The Executive's employment with the Company will commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue, subject to the remaining terms of this Agreement, until terminated by either party giving the other the following minimum advance written notice: 2.1.1 6 weeks' notice; 2.1.2 such other longer period as required by law.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the day and year first above written and shall govern the relations between the parties hereto thereafter, unless terminated as set forth in this Section 6.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year, commencing January 1, 2008 and ending on December 31, 2008.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate at the end of the Exclusivity Period (i.e., a three (3) year period commencing on the Effective Date).
Subject to the provisions of Section 14 hereof, the term of this Agreement and the sponsorship described herein shall commence on January 1, 2010 and extend through December 31, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be four (4) Processing Years commencing on the Effective Date of this Agreement and ending on June 30, 2010 unless
This Agreement shall automatically terminate at and as of (the first to occur of): (a) 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on the 30th day after the Effective Date (if Purchaser has not commenced the Offer, with the unanimous consent of the Sponsors, by then); (b) the expiration of the Offer (if the Offer is not consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), subject to any extension or subsequent offering period; and (c) the expiration of the Interim Period (if the Offer is consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), in any case, unless sooner terminated by unanimous written consent of the Participating Sponsors; provided, however, that any liability for failure to comply with this Agreement shall survive any such termination.
Unless otherwise terminated as specified in this Section 12, the ---- term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and will not end until the later of (a) twelve (12) months from the Launch Date; or (2) the date Intuit displays a total of 176,717,916 Impressions in accordance with the terms set forth herein ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the "Effective Date" and shall continue for ten (10) Contract Years, unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 6 of this Agreement or extended by renewal by written agreement of the Parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 13(o) of this Agreement (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided for herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence as of the date hereof and shall terminate at the end of the Season which is scheduled to end on October 12, 2002 (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and conclude on October 31, 2010, unless renewed by agreement or sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
If the Launch Date has not occurred by August 31, 1999, Sponsor shall, in its sole discretion, be entitled to terminate this Agreement without any liability and receive a full refund of all amounts paid by Sponsor to drkoop.com pursuant to this Agreement prior to the date of such termination.
The initial term (the "Initial Term"; and together with all extensions and renewals, the "Term") will begin on the date set forth above * * * (the "Launch Date") on which: (i) each of the Sponsor Areas of the drkoop.com Website are operational in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (other than the e-commerce tile placements); and (ii) the links to the<omitted>Sponsor Website or Vitamin Buzz contained in the Sponsor logos or the Sponsor banner advertisements are established in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, subject to earlier termination as set forth in this Agreement.
In the event that Excite has not delivered XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX clickthroughs to the Client Site by the end of twelve (12) months after the Launch Date, the first year of the term of the Agreement will be extended without additional sponsorship and advertising fees for up to an additional four (4) months.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not end until Excite displays of a total of XXXXXXXXXXXXX impressions of Client's advertising banners and promotional placements on the Excite Site and Excite has made reasonable commercial efforts to deliver, at minimum, a goal of XXXXXXXX clickthroughs to the Client Site.
Regardless of Excite's actual delivery of impressions and clickthroughs, the term of this Agreement will not be shorter than two (2) years after the display of the first of Client's advertising banners and promotional placements, subject to the termination rights set forth below.
The initial production period shall be for a period of two (2) months to commence on November 4, 1998 (the "Production Period"), and the remaining term of this Agreement shall be for a period of twenty four (24) months to commence on the tentative launch date of January 4, 1999, unless terminated earlier as provided herein (the "Promotion Period"), (The Production Period and the Promotion Period shall be collectively referred to as the "Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and, unless terminated as provided herein, shall continue through November 30, 1998.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on July 19, 1999 and shall ---- thereafter continue until all above described Sponsor benefits are completed, but in no event beyond the end of the 1999 season (the "Term").
If Hydron does not timely exercise its right to terminate this Agreement, then Hydron agrees that this Agreement shall continue for the entire four (4) year term unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end on the second (2nd) anniversary of the Commencement Date.
Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall take effect on December 1st, 2015 and shall expire on November 30, 2016.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the specific terms of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not end until Excite displays a total of [*****] impressions of the Client advertising banners and promotional placements on the Excite Network as described in this Agreement and pushes [*****] emails using the email vehicles specified in Exhibit B
The services described herein to be provided by Agency shall begin upon execution and delivery of the Outsourcing Agreement and shall continue until termination of Contractor's activities to administer the Notes thereunder.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the date first set forth above, and shall continue in full force and effect until terminated as provided below.
The initial term ("Initial Term") of this Agreement shall be for one year commencing on the 1st day of May, 2006 ("Effective Date").
This agreement shall commence on January 20, 2014 (the "Effective Date") and shall continue in effect for six (6) months (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of the contracted agreement is 5 years from the commencement date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and extend for three (3) years thereafter ("INITIAL TERM"), with an automatic renewal for an indefinite period of time ("EXTENDED TERM"), unless terminated by the parties according to Sections 16.2. or 16.3. herein.
The term of this Agreement will commence on January 1, 1998 (the "Effective Date") and will end on December 31, 1998.
"Term" shall mean the period commencing on the Effective Date and terminating on the eighth anniversary of the Commencement Date, unless the Agreement is extended in accordance with its provisions.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on November 30, 2014 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall be valid for an indefinite period.
This Attachment and its Product Attachments shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in Section 5.0 of the Base Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in Section 5.0.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms hereof, the term of this Agreement shall end on the seventh anniversary of the date hereof.
This Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement will be for two (2) year(s) commencing on the Effective Date.
This Agreement is effective as of August 1, 2004, (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate on July 31, 2009, (the "Termination Date") unless earlier terminated or extended as provided for herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date unless sooner terminated pursuant to the termination provisions herein.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of 1 year after the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated as set forth herein (the "TERM").
This Amendment shall enter into force on the date of its signature by both Parties and, unless otherwise agreed upon in writing by the Parties through a subsequent amendment to the GMA, shall remain in force for the term of the referenced GMA.
The Agreement shall end on the End Date without any further action, unless otherwise provided under this Agreement.
"End Date" means the date on which this Agreement is terminated or expires, and shall be the earlier to occur of the following, as appropriate: (i) the end of the Initial Term as defined in Clause 3.1of this Agreement; or, (ii) the end of the term of each annual renewal of this Agreement as per Clause 3.2 of this Agreement; or, (iii) the date on which all or part of this Agreement is terminated as per Clause 16 ("Termination");
The Agreement enters into force on the Signing Date; it will have a duration of [*****] as from the Start Date (the "Initial Term").
The first paid (Initial) Maintenance Term shall commence upon expiration of the Warranty Period and shall continue for twelve (12) months thereafter.
This Agreement shall apply and remain in effect from the Effective Date and perpetually thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the Section entitled "Termination."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the date that payment is due for Minimum Payment Period 7, pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof and as set forth in Attachment B hereof, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
This Agreement shall come into force on the Effective Date and shall remain in force and effect for a period of [Redacted - Commercially Sensitive - Term Details] , unless this Agreement is extended or previously terminated in accordance with this clause 12, pursuant to clause 15.1 (Force Majeure), or (ii) by the mutual written consent of the Parties (the "Term").
The Agreement shall have an initial term of ten (10) years commencing from the Effective Date and ending on the tenth (10th) anniversary thereof (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of Section 15.2 or Section 15.3.
The "Term" shall begin on the date hereof and shall expire December 31, 2023, subject to early termination pursuant to the terms of Section 19. Flotek, may, by written notice given to FCC on or before September 30, 2023, elect for the Term to be extended to December 31, 2024.
TERM OF EXECUTION From January 30, 2012 until July 29, 2012
Subject to the General Terms and Conditions of Transporter's FERC Gas Tariff and Rate Schedule FTS/ITS, this Agreement shall be effective as of the date of physical completion of and initial deliveries on Transporter's pipeline and shall continue for a primary term of ten years.
This Agreement shall be effective from the date first above written and shall continue indefinitely until terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
The Agreement shall continue through the project's in-service date and for a period of fifteen (15) years after the project's in-service date ("Initial Term").
"Initial Term" means the period commencing on the Effective Date and concluding on the last day of the month in which the fifth anniversary of the Offtake Agreement Effective Date falls.
"Offtake Agreement" means that certain Crude Oil Sale and Purchase Agreement between the Principal and STASCO dated 1 November 1999.
This contract shall be effective as of November 1, 2002, and shall remain in force and effect, unless modified as per Exhibit B, until October 31, 2012.
"Royalty Term" means, with respect to sales of a Product in the Territory, the time period beginning on the First Commercial Sale of such Product in the Territory and expiring on the latest of the following dates: (a) *** (b) *** (c) ***<omitted>Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall continue in effect until the expiration of the Royalty Term as defined in Section 1.87 ("Term"), and thereafter Green Cross has no remaining payment obligations with respect to the Products pursuant to Section 8.5 above and MacroGenics shall have no further obligations hereunder.
The term of the agreement is 20 years, during which if any main equipment of any Party stops operation due to technical problem or at the end of its life cycle, the agreement shall be automatically terminated.
This Agreement shall come into force as of January 1, 2013 and remain valid for 1 year.
As of the effective date hereof, the original cooperation of mobile game business executed between the Parties shall terminate automatically.
Party A and Party B agree and confirm that the term of cooperation under this Agreement shall commence from the execution date hereof and end on the expiration date of the operation term of Party B ("Term of Cooperation").
Unless this Agreement is early terminated in accordance with this Agreement or other agreements signed by the Parties hereof, the term of the validity of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date.
"Intended End of Term" means the later of (a) the seventh (7th) anniversary of the Effective Date and (b) the date determined to be the "Intended End of Term" under Section 7.2.2(d) (Effects of Tolling).<omitted>This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms, including by Ginkgo pursuant to Section 7.3 (Buy-Down Election) or extended by the mutual written agreement of the Parties, shall continue until the Intended End of Term (such time period, as may be extended pursuant to this Section 13.3.1 (Term - General), the "Term"); provided that, if,<omitted>at the expiration of the Intended End of Term, Ginkgo has paid the Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitment, but will not have paid to BLI the Full Purchase Target, then the Term of this Agreement shall automatically extend for an additional [***] ([***]) year period from the date of the expiration of the then-Intended End of Term so that, among other things, BLI may potentially receive the benefit of the Full Purchase Target and Ginkgo may receive the continuing benefit of royalty-free licenses.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial term of three (3) years from the Promotion Commencement Date, divided into three one-year periods.
Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall commence effective June 1, 1998, and shall continue for a term of three (3) years expiring May 31, 2001 (the "Term").
"Term" means the earlier of: (a) the end of the two year period from the Effective Date to 31 July 2013; or (b) the last day of the calendar month within which the Maximum Distribution Commitment is reached.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as set out in this Agreement, shall continue for the Term.
This promotion shall begin on June 1,1999 and shall terminate June 1, 2000 (herein "Term")
The Joint Venture shall commence on the 1st of March, 2003, and shall be effective until February 28, 2004 unless extended by written agreement of the Joint Venturers not less than thirty (30) days prior to scheduled termination.
Except as otherwise provided herein, the term of this Agreement is three (3) years from the Execution Date ("Cooperation Period").
The term of this Agreement is twelve (12) months from the date hereof, and will be automatically renewed for one (1) additional twelve month period unless either party shall notify the other in writing of its intention not to renew.
This Agreement is effective as of the date hereof and shall remain in full force and effect for the period (the "Covered Period") commencing on the date hereof and ending on the date that is the earliest of: (i) the Company's failure to appoint the ValueAct Designee to the Board following the ValueAct Group's written request to the Company to have the ValueAct Designee appointed to the Board pursuant to Section 1(a) of this Agreement; (ii) the failure of the Company to comply in good faith with Section 1(e) of this Agreement; or (iii) the date which is the 60t h day prior to the Company's 2016 annual meeting of stockholders.
This Agreement shall take effect as of the Effective Date and shall expire upon completion of the Project as set forth in the Project Plan and after payment of all payments due and payable according to this Agreement, unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
"Expiration Date" means March 31, 2020.
The Joint Venture is a fixed term Joint Venture beginning November 27, 2018 and ending November 30th, 2019 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on February 1, 1998 and end on the first anniversary of the date of this Agreement; provided that (a) either party may terminate this Agreement, effective at any time after the first three months of the Term, by giving 30 days' written notice of termination to the other party, and (b) either party may terminate this Agreement at any time by giving written notice of termination to the other party, if the other party commits a material breach of its obligations hereunder that is not cured within 30 days after notice thereof from the non-breaching party.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue, unless terminated sooner in accordance with this Article VIII, until June 27, 2011 (the "Term").
This Agreement shall continue until terminated as provided herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated under the terms of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the Services to be provided with respect to any Account which is registered as an investment company under the 1940 Act (herein referred to as a "registered investment company") are services referred to in the definition of "investment advisor" under Section 202(a)(11) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (herein referred to as "investment advisory services"), then with respect to such Account, this Agreement: (i) shall not commence until the effective date of its approval by the board of directors or trustees ("Board") of such Account; (ii) shall continue from year to year thereafter, subject to the provisions for termination and all other terms and conditions hereof, only if such continuation shall be specifically approved at least annually by a majority of the Board, including a majority of the members of the Board who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons of any such party (other than as members of the Board) cast in person at a meeting called for that purpose; (iii) may be terminated at any time without the payment of any penalty by the Board or by a vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities (as defined in Section 2(a)(42) of the 1940 Act) of the Account on 60 days' written notice to the Adviser; (iv) shall automatically terminate in the event of (A) its assignment (as defined in the 1940 Act) or (B) termination of the Advisory Agreement for any reason whatsoever.
Subject to the remaining provisions of this Section, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the effective date first above written and shall continue until terminated by mutual agreement of the parties hereto or by either party on not less than 60 days' written notice to the other party hereto.
This Limited Power of Attorney shall be revoked and terminated automatically upon the cancellation or termination of the Services Agreement or as to any Fund upon the cancellation or termination of the Adviser's Investment Advisory Contract for such Fund.
Unless otherwise mutually agreed to by the Parties, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end upon expiration of the Term, unless terminated early as contemplated hereunder.
"Term" means, on a Country-by-Country and Collaboration Product-by-Collaboration Product basis, the period from the Effective Date until the later of (a) the expiration or termination of the last Valid Claim of a Patent Right covering the Pooled Compound in such Collaboration Product in such Country, and (b) fifteen (15) years from First Commercial Sale in such Country, unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with Article 14.
The term of the CDx Development Program shall be five (5) years.
The term for Database Insights under Section 3.1.8 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Database Insights Term").
The term "Agreement Term" shall mean the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is terminated sooner as provided in Article 17, expiring on the date when all work has been completed or terminated under all R&D Plans.
The initial term of the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program will be five (5) years beginning on the Effective Date.
The term for Sample Profiling set forth in Section 3.1.4 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Profiling Term").
This Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue for the Agreement Term.
The initial term of the ctDNA Platform Development Program will be twelve (12) months.
The initial term of this Agreement shall, unless sooner terminated by consent of all parties, expires in five (5) years from the date of Effective Date.
The Contract Term shall extend for a period of fifty (50) years.
This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date, and will continue until the expiration of the "Sales Term" as that term is defined in the Sales Dealer Agreement dated as of August 16, 2017 between Vivint and Vivint Solar Developer, LLC (the "Term")."
The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years, subject to the prior termination rights provided below.
Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, this Agreement continues in effect for an initial term of seven (7) years ("Initial Term") and will automatically renew for one or more annual periods after the Initial Term (each a "Renewal Term") unless either party gives notice of non-renewal at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the beginning of any Renewal Term.
The duration of this Venture (the "Term") will begin on March 1, 2020 and continue in full force and effect until February 28, 2025 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
This Amendment shall only become effective upon the VNBJ Closing with respect to Article 1.1 and the VNBZ Closing with respect to Article 1.2, and shall terminate without any force or effect in the event that the VNBJ SPA and the VNBZ SPA are terminated in accordance with the terms thereof.
This JV Agreement shall become effective on the signing date and shall have a duration of * years, extendable for a further * years, unless notice of non- renewal is sent one year before the natural expiry date.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of execution and shall continue in force and effect for an indefinite term thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the provisions of Article 16 or by all the Parties in writing.
This agreement shall terminate: a. Automatically if any public authority cancels or declines to renew the Agency's license or Certificate of Authority. b. Immediately if either party gives detailed written notice to the other of alleged gross and willful misconduct, fraud or material misrepresentation.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date hereof and shall terminate upon the termination of the Offering.
This Agreement will become effective as of the date first written above and will continue in effect thereafter until terminated pursuant to Paragraph 4.2 below.
This Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years commencing upon the Effective Date hereof unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement (the "Initial Term").
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the later to occur of the date that is (x) three (3) years from the date hereof and (y) the date on which an affiliate of Freedom Mortgage is not acting as the external manager of Cherry Hill.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years following the Effective Date or until the Studies are completed, whichever is later, unless extended or unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof.
Term: This Study Order will continue until the Study is completed, which is expected to be ________ (__) months after the Effective Date, or until terminated early as provided in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the date first set forth above and, shall expire on the later of (i) five (5) years from the date hereof, or (ii) with respect to any projects identified in any contract for which VET TECH is billing the client directly, upon the completion of COOL TECH's Services and receipt of payment by COOL TECH from VET TECH for said services.
Unless terminated sooner, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years thereafter (the "Initial Term") and shall automatically renew for additional one (1) year terms on the terms and conditions set forth herein (each a "Renewal Term" and collectively, the "Term") unless either party gives the other Party Notice of its intention to terminate this Agreement ninety (90) days before the end of the Initial Term or Renewal Term, if any.
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this ---- Agreement shall terminate on the later of (i) the third anniversary of the Effective Date or (ii) the date on which ETI ceases to be a Subsidiary of NTL.
THIS STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), made effective this 17t h day of February 2016, through February 16, 2019 (the "Initial Term") i
Either party may terminate this agreement after 3 years following the effective date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall remain in effect for a period of 5 years ("Initial Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years from the date of execution and may be extended subject to satisfactory agreement on ongoing commercial terms, to be agreed two (2) months prior to the expiration of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until the later of (a) the fourth (4th) anniversary of the Effective Date, or (b) the completion or termination of the Research and receipt by LBIO of all deliverables due from MD Anderson hereunder, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.2 or Section 9.14.
This Agreement is effective on the Effective Date and shah continue in effect until the earlier of (a) the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date, and (b) termination by either Party for any reason upon thirty (30) days' written notice to the other Party; provided, however, that no Party shall be able to terminate this Agreement so long as such Party is a Defaulting Party under this Agreement.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until it is terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 15 of this Agreement ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and will continue in effect until five (5) year(s) from such date (the "Initial Term") unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 25.
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Initial Term") will be ten (10) years from the Effective Date, provided that at any time following the 7th anniversary of such date, either party may terminate such strategic alliance upon not less than 60 days' prior written notice to the other party.
The rights and obligations of the Farids Group set forth in this Article VI (other than those set forth in Sections 6.8 and 6.9) shall terminate on the date that the Farids Group owns less than 3% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock, but in no event earlier than the Expiration Date (as defined in the Warrant).
The term of this Agreement is twenty-four (24) months.
This Agreement shall be for an initial term of five (5) years, and unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall automatically renew for an additional term of five (5) years thereafter.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for a term of ten (10) years, unless previously terminated in accordance with Clause 15 (Termination).
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of two (2) years ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 11 of this Agreement.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 4.2 or 4.3, this Agreement will be in effect from the Effective Date until completion of the Research Program.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of three (3) years after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement is effective on the day of May 1, 2013 and the effective term is the same as the Cooperation Ter
The Cooperation Term of the parties shall be two years from May 1, 2013 to April 30, 2015.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, (i) that this Section 8 shall survive any such termination and (ii) no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, shall continue in full force and effect until terminated pursuant to this Article 18.
This Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of: (i) the conclusion of the Standstill Period or (ii) delivery of written notice by one Party to the other Party of a material breach of this Agreement by the breaching Party that is uncured after ten (10) calendar days of notice of such breach.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement will be effective as of the date of its execution, and term of the Cooperation will be four years from the date on which the channel is uploaded.<omitted>The channel is expected to be uploaded on August 1, 201
Unless otherwise mutual agreed between the Parties, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the earlier of the below events occur: (a) The fifth (5t h) anniversary of this Agreement; and (b) Otkritie ceasing to own more than 2,237,216 class B shares or American depositary shares of QIWI.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period in accordance with Section 4, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
Subject to the other provisions contained herein, this AGREEMENT shall be for a term of thirty (30) years from the Effective Date, which shall automatically renew from year-to-year thereafter unless terminated by a Party upon sixty (60) days' written notice after the end of the term.
The term of this Agreement shall be fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the following provisions of this Article:
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this IP Agreement shall extend until the last date of expiration of the SRAM Intellectual Property rights licensed under this IP Agreement.
The term of this Agreement is five (5) years unless the early termination in accordance with this Agreement.
The provisions of this Agreement, including the license rights provided in this Article III, shall not be terminable or revocable for any reason.
The term of this IP Agreement shall be from the Effective Date until all of the Intellectual Property licensed hereunder is in the public domain (provided, however, that in such event the representations and warranties in Article III shall survive (and terminate) in accordance with the Acquisition Agreement) or this IP Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 4.3.
This Agreement shall remain in effect for sixty (60) months from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
Unless otherwise agreed in writing by Accuray and Distributor and subject to the termination rights contained in this Agreement, this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until the termination of the Strategic Alliance Agreement; provided, however, that if a Termination Election relating to this Agreement is made pursuant to Section 10.3 of the Strategic Alliance Agreement prior to such termination, this Agreement shall terminate 36 months after such Termination Election (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement shall terminate on May 31, 2015, unless sooner terminated.
As provided for in this Section 1, the term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years, beginning on the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"); provided, however, the Initial Term shall be subject to automatic successive renewal terms of three (3) years each (the "Renewal Terms" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
The terms of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date and will be automatically renewed on each anniversary of the effective date, for a renewal term of one year unless either party provides written notification of its intention not to renew this Agreement at least one month prior to the expiration of the initial or any renewal terms.
Distributor's appointment is for a term of one year from the Effective Date, renewable automatically unless terminated under Section 18
The Term will commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and will remain in effect, unless sooner terminated under paragraphs 5.2, 5.3, or 5.4, until the termination date specified in Exhibit A.
September 30, 1997
This Agreement shall have an initial term of one (1) year from the date first above written (the "Initial Term"), and shall thereafter automatically renew for successive two (2) year periods (each a "Renewal Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement shall be two (2) years from the Effective Date with automatic annual renewals thereafter provided either party does not provide sixty (60) days notice of termination prior to the renewal date or the Agreement is not otherwise terminated as set forth in Section 8.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) calendar years from the Agreement date.
The term of this Agreement shall be ten (10) years (the "Term") which shall commence on the date upon which the Company delivers to Distributor the last Sample, as defined hereinafter.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date first above written and shall terminate on 31 December 2006, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years from the date first set forth above and shall thereafter automatically renew for additional two (2) year terms unless a party provides the other party with notice of non-renewal no less than 6 months prior to the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term unless earlier terminated as follows
April 15, 2000 through October 15, 2000 (6 Months from the Effective Date)
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) years from the Effective Date and shall thereafter be automatically renewed for subsequent one (1) year periods unless either party notifies the other in writing of its election not to renew the Agreement at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the expiration of the then-current term.
Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until terminated by either Party upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice.
This contract shall be for a term of one year commencing on the date first above written; thereafter, it shall automatically continue until terminated by either party upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for 3 years (the "Initial Term") commencing on the date first set forth above (the "Commencement Date") and ending on the 3rd anniversary of the Commencement Date.
The Term of this Agreement shall be for a period of [* ****] years and [*****] months commencing the 1st day of September 2004 and terminating the [*****] day of [*****].
The term of the license hereby granted shall commence August 1, 1995 and continue until January 30, 2000, unless sooner terminated in the manner provided in the immediately succeeding sentence or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
Unless otherwise provided for in this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall be three years, commencing on the date of this Agreement and expiring on the third anniversary date of this Agreement (the "Termination Date").
The COMPANY agrees to a one year engagement to contract the CELEBRITY to speak at the company meetings and seminars along with endorsement of the Company products.
Notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement shall terminate upon the Trust's payment to the Company of the sum of the aggregate amount of the premiums paid under the Policy since inception (which amount includes the outstanding principal balance of the Demand Note).
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing on January 1, 2000 and concluding December 31, 2003, unless terminated sooner as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall extend from the date of execution hereof through and until _______, unless extended by written agreement of the parties.
The term of this Agreement shall commence January 1, 1996, and shall continue for a period of three (3) years, concluding December 31, 1998.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing as of May 31, 1999 and concluding May 31, 2000.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Article 13, shall continue in full force and effect, on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the Secondary Royalty Term with respect to such Product expires, at which time this Agreement shall expire in its entirety with respect to such Product in such country.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and unless terminated earlier by mutual written agreement of the Parties or pursuant to Section 9.2 (Termination At Will) or Section 9.3 (Termination for Cause) below, the term of this Agreement shall continue in effect until Achaogen ceases development and commercialization of Plazomicin ("Term").
Except as provided in Sections 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, and 6.5, this Agreement shall terminate one (1) year from the Rig Release Date, if such has not been terminated sooner pursuant to the provisions hereof.
The term of this Agreement shall be for 10 years commencing on the date of execution of this Agreement by AIRSOPURE.
The Term shall begin on the Effective Date and will end, without further notice, on the Expiration Date set forth in the Addendum, unless terminated earlier under the terms of this Agreement.<omitted>Expiration Date: at midnight on the last day of the month fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date
The term of this Agreement starts on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is earlier terminated in accordance with its provisions, will expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date.
You must operate the Franchise at a mutually agreeable site (the "Premises") to be identified after the signing of this Agreement, and to use the System and the Marks in the operation of that Franchise, for a term of 10 years (the "Initial Term")
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, this Agreement will expire on _______________________________________.
This Agreement shall be effective as of that date (the "Effective Date") the Site becomes fully operational as set forth in writing and executed by both Parties and shall continue for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date.
This Agreement will be effective beginning on 12:01 a.m., Eastern Time, on the day after the date of last signature to these Base Terms ("Effective Date") and ending on the expiration and/or termination of all Service Option Attachments, unless the Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and will terminate on the third anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreemen
This Agreement will take effect on the Effective Date and remain in effect for a period of 1 year; provided, that Sections 2 and 3 level shall terminate promptly upon (a) any action or omission by Client or any of its customers which constitutes a breach of or default by TrueLink under any System Agreement or Credit Repository Agreement, which breach or default has either not been cured or cannot be cured within the applicable cure period and the consequences of which is that TrueLink will lose material rights it had pursuant to said Agreements or (b) any violations or breach by Client of Sections 8a - 8c.
This agreement shall be for a term of five years from the date of this document.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.
"Term" means the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and continuing thereafter indefinitely until this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 10 below.
Subject to early termination of this Agreement pursuant to Sections 7.2, 7.3 or 7.4, this Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue until the expiration or earlier termination of the Development and License Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid for a period of five (5) years with automatic renewal of one year thereafter until terminated<omitted>by either party with one (1) year written notice prior to the expiration of the initial period or any extension period thereof.
Unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 12.2 below, the initial term of this Agreement shall expire on 31 December 2024 (the "Initial Term") unless the Parties mutually agree in writing any extension to the Initial Term.
This Agreement shall have a term of four (4) years from the effective date first set forth above, and shall automatically renew for additional one year terms unless earlier terminated by either party.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall extend for a period of Five (5) years thereafter ("Initial Term"), unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein or is extended by mutual written agreement of the Parties.
Unless terminated earlier as provided herein, this Agreement shall terminate on the date three (3) years from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement is three years from and including the date of this Agreement (the "Initial Term"), with automatic renewal for additional successive one-year terms (each a "Renewal Term" and together wit the Initial Term, the "Term") unless no later than [* * *] days prior to the end of the Initial Term, or any Renewal Term either party notifies the other that it wishes to terminate this Agreement effective the end of the Initial Term or that Renewal Term, as applicable.
Except as otherwise set forth in Sections 9.2 and 9.3 or Exhibit A hereof, the term of this Agreement shall be eighteen (18) months ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for a period of one year from the date of its execution and from year to year thereafter provided such continuance is specifically approved by a majority of the trustees of the Trust who (i) are not "interested persons" of the Trust or any other party to this Agreement, as defined in the 1940 Act, and (ii) have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of this Agreement ("Non- Interested Trustees").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3 of this Agreement, shall continue until the twentieth (20th) anniversary of the Effective Date; provided, however, (i) Operator shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Owner, if Operator provides a substitute operator acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, who (A) has experience operating similar assets, (B) has the ability to provide at least the same quality of service as Operator, (C) has the financial ability to perform the obligations hereunder, and (D) is ready, willing and able to execute an operation and maintenance agreement substantially similar to this Agreement and acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, and (ii) Owner shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Operator.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 8, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
To the extent not terminated previously by AIG pursuant to the foregoing, this Agreement will terminate automatically one year after the closing of any sale of the Company by AIG, and all provisions hereof will be of no further force and effect.
It shall be effective on 06 October 2000 and shall have a duration of two years.
Subject to termination pursuant to this Agreement, the Non Exclusive license granted by Licensor to Licensee shall be for an initial period of 36 months, commencing from the acceptance date, (the "Initial Period").
This Agreement and the license granted under this Agreement shall remain in effect perpetually as long as fees are paid by Sparkling in accordance with the Fee Schedule and the Agreement is not otherwise terminated in accordance with this Section.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for an initial period of five years until terminated in the manner described in Clause 16 below.
In addition, DCL may terminate this Agreement with effect from the 3rd, 4th or 5th anniversary of the Commencement Date by giving not less than six months notice in writing to SEV
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Services Commencement Date and remain effective for ten (10) years (the "Initial Term") unless terminated in accordance with its terms.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in operation for at least a period of twenty-five (25) years (hereinafter called "Initial Period") after the RFCS Date and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
This Agreement shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of: (i) the date on which the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement equal $5,000,000; (ii) the Release Date (as defined in Section 19) or (iii) payment in full, in cash, of all Obligations and the termination of the Financing Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement is less than $5,000,000 and any payment, or any part thereof, on account of any of the Obligations is invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Agent or the Lenders upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or reorganization of any Borrower or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for any Borrower, or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Article 9.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date and year first above written and shall continue in operation for at least an initial period of twenty-five (25) years following the RFS Date (hereinafter referred to as "initial Period") and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
Subject to the provisions of this AGREEMENT, and with effect from the date when the party signing last in time appends its signature to this agreement ("the effective date"), and enduring in perpetuity unless terminated as provided for elsewhere in this AGREEMENT, SAP AFRICA grants, and TELKOM accepts a non-exclusive, non-transferable licence to USE the SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION and other SAP AFRICA PROPRIETARY INFORMATION at the specified DESIGNATED SITE within the TERRITORY.
The licence granted hereunder shall become effective upon execution of this AGREEMENT by both parties and shall endure indefinitely unless terminated under clause 6. 2.
Upon expiration of that 12 months, MMMW affords the Customer the opportunity of a continuation of support on an annual basis as follows: The Initial Term of this Technical Infrastructure Maintenance Agreement is twelve months, commencing on the Effective Date.
This Agreement commences on the date first above written, and will remain in effect for the period of five (5) years, except as otherwise provided herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 7, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, shall continue for the duration of the Lease, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3.
The initial period of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue until March 31, 2003.
This OMA shall expire upon the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the Effective Date and (ii) the date that all Shares of Stock of the Seller Trusts as set forth on Schedule A hereto have been sold (the "Term").
The Term will be 3 years from Effective Date with an automatic 2 year term extensions unless otherwise advised by one of the Parties.
This Agreement between HEMISPHERX and SCIEN shall be in effect beginning the last date of execution set forth on the signature page to the Agreement (the "Effective Date") to which this Quality Agreement is Exhibit 2 and remain in effect until HEMISPHERX and SCIEN terminate the Agreement or it is superseded by a revised Quality Agreement executed by both parties.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue unless and until terminated as provided herein.
Subject to Article 22.2, this Agreement shall remain in force for an Initial Period of 1 year, which may be renewed by mutual consent for such period as the Parties may agree ("Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement or for any of the following reasons:
This Agreement begins on the Effective Date and shall continue indefinitely unless sooner terminated as provided in this Article 5.
This Agreement shall terminate as to the Remarketing Agent and its obligations hereunder with respect to VRRM-MFP Shares upon the earliest to occur of (a) the effective date of the resignation or removal of such Remarketing Agent pursuant to Section 5(a) and Section 5(b), respectively, (b) the completion of a successful Transition Remarketing on a New Mode Commencement Date in connection with transition to a new Mode, or (c) the date on which no VRRM-MFP Shares are Outstanding.
In addition, the<omitted>obligations of the Remarketing Agents may be terminated by them by notice given to the Company prior to 12:00 noon, New York City time on the Remarketing Settlement Date if, prior to that time, any of the applicable conditions precedent to the obligations of the Remarketing Agents described in Section 5 hereof shall have failed to occur.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to earlier termination in accordance with the provisions of Section 16, shall continue in force for a period being the longer of fifteen (15) years from first Commercial Launch of the Product in the Territory or until the expiration of the last valid claim in the PPI Patents covering the Product in any country of the Territory (the "Initial Term").
In addition, the obligations of the Remarketing Agent hereunder may be terminated by it by notice given to the Company prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date immediately preceding the Commencement Date if, prior to that time, any of the events described in Sections 6(i), (j) or (k) shall have occurred.
This Agreement shall terminate (i) the Business Day immediately following the Remarketing Settlement Date, (ii) at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the last date of the Remarketing if the Remarketing is not successful or (iii) on the effective date of the resignation or removal of the Remarketing Agent and the appointment of a new Remarketing Agent.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Agreement or extended by mutual agreement between the parties, shall continue in effect for thirty six (36) months following the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall be effective on the later of the dates that it is executed by Imprimis and Surgical (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate pursuant to the terms of the SOW (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided in this Agreement, the initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period beginning on the Effective Date and ending ten (10) years thereafter unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall be five years commencing on the Effective Date and ending at the close of business on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement shall commence with the first race ----- of the 1998 Winston Cup season and shall continue until the final race of the year-2000 Winston Cup season.
The term of this Agreement will begin on December 15, 1997 and will end the later of (i) December 15, 1999 or (ii) Excite's delivery of all of the guaranteed Click-throughs described in Section 1(f).
This Agreement shall terminate and, subject to the provisions set forth below, be of no further force or effect on the exercise by the Sponsor of its right to terminate this Agreement as provided in subsection 6.2, provided that, in any event, sections 3, 7 and 8 and, in the event that such termination occurs by virtue of paragraph 6.2(b), subsection 2.5 shall not terminate (except as set forth therein) and shall continue in full force and effect for the benefit of the Sponsor or the other parties to this Agreement, as the case may be.
The term (the "Term") shall commence on November 1, 2007 and end on October 31, 2008 (unless terminated earlier in accordance with the General Provisions).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force and effect until one (1) year subsequent to the Effective Date, provided however, that Tickets may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon thirty (30) days' notice to MP3. com at any time prior to the expiration of sixty (60) days subsequent to the Effective Date.
This term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and terminates on August 2nd, 2015 upon completion of event.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for six (6) months.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue in effect for a period of five (5) years (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions set out herein.
This Agreement shall continue in force for a term of twelve (12) months from the Effective Date, unless terminated earlier under the provisions of this Article 8 (the "Term"); PROVIDED that TouchStar shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time after the Effective Date upon not less than fifteen (15) days' prior written notice to Reseller.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for an Initial Term of five (5) years, and will automatically renew for additional periods of five (5) years unless one Party notifies the other of its intention not to renew, no less than 12 months prior to the expiration of the then-current term, unless terminated as permitted under this Agreement.
This Agreement comes into force as of the Effective Date and shall remain valid during the term of the LSA.
This Supply Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue for a period of [***] unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Supply Agreement.
Unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.2 below, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a FIVE (5) year period.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of its execution and shall remain in force for three years (the "Initial Term").
The term of this Supply Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date first set forth above and shall remain in effect until the later of (a) July 31, 2021 or (b) the date that the Parties enter into the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement and Sutro is supplying to SutroVax each Product under the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement (the "Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with Section 10.2.
The term of this Agreement will commence upon the Effective Date and will continue until the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated or extended under this Article 8 (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of the Services, unless terminated as set out herein, shall continue up to and including 28 February 2000 ("the Initial Term").
This Development Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and continue for four (4) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 10.2, or unless the parties extend the term by mutual written Development Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement will be in effect for one year from the Effective Date and will automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods unless terminated as provided below.
This Agreement shall be effective through and including March 31, 2004.
This Agreement shall be effective until the earlier of (a) its termination in accordance with the provisions of this Article 14 or (b) the date that is two (2) years after the date of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement will renew automatically for successive terms of one (1) year each unless a party to this Agreement delivers written notice of termination to the other party to this Agreement at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the original or any renewal term or the parties to this Agreement do not agree in writing to the Quota Amount referred to in subsection 14.2(b)(1) for any one (1) year renewal term at least sixty (60) days prior to the commencement of such term.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on January 1, 2000 and continue for an initial period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 7 hereof, and may be renewed under Section 8 hereof (the initial period plus any renewal period, the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This agreement shall begin upon the date of its execution by MA and acceptance in writing by Company and shall remain in effect until the end of the current calendar year and shall be automatically renewed for successive one (1) year periods unless otherwise terminated according to the cancellation or termination provisions contained in paragraph 18 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall terminate on June 30, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement commences as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to any express provision of this Agreement, shall continue until five (5) years following the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b) [Term and Termination].
The term of this Agreement shall be effective as of the date first stated above and shall continue for a term of three (3) years, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement (the "Term"); provided, however, that PrimeCall may elect to terminate this Agreement, upon thirty (30) days' written notice, at any time from and after the time that collectively RSL Communications, Ltd. and/or its Affiliates holds less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of DeltaThree's outstanding shares.
This Agreement will become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated pursuant to Sections 3.1<omitted>, shall remain effective for two (2) years from and after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This agreement shall commence as of date first above written, and shall Continue through December 31, 2004 ("the Term").
The Term shall commence on July 23, 2013 and shall expire on July 22, 2016, unless otherwise terminated earlier pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall have an Initial Term of three (3) years.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for a period of five years following the initial date of execution of the Memorandum, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 6.2 or Section 2.8 ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall begin as of the Effective Date and continue until Acceptance of all Deliverables for Milestones #1 and #2 pursuant to Section 3.4 and completion of Milestone #3, unless earlier terminated under Section 8.2, as provided for under the Other Agreements, or as mutually agreed by the Parties.
The term of this Agreement shall automatically become effective upon the occurrence of (i) ETON executing a commercial supply agreement with a contract manufacturing organization within forty-five (45) days of the Execution Date, provided that ETON has exercised best efforts to execute such agreement and the failure to execute is solely caused by the refusal or inability of the proposed manufacturing organization to sign a reasonable agreement; and (ii) acceptance for review of the Dossier or marketing application for [ * * * ] by the FDA no later than September 2, 2019 (such date, the "Effective Date") and shall end upon the termination or expiration of the Agreement as set forth in Section 11 (the "Term").
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Article, this Agreement will continue in full force beginning on the Effective Date and ending two (2) years thereafter ("Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the longer of the first anniversary of the Effective Date or the duration of the Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement (the "Term").
This agreement begins on the Commencement Date and, subject to clause 11.2, shall continue for an initial term of one (1) years (Initial Term) and indefinitely after that until terminated by either party giving at least twelve (12) months' prior written notice to expire on or after the expiry date of the initial term.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date first written above and shall continue in effect for a period of Three (3) years.
This Agreement shall become effective upon the date first written above and shall remain in full force and effect for a period of two years (2), unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions in this Agreement.
Unless terminated earlier as provided in this agreement, this Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms hereo
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and automatically renewing annually thereafter, unless either party provides a thirty-day notice of written termination one to the other ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of four (4) years, commencing on the Effective Date, which term may be extended for up to three (3) years by written agreement of both Parties prior to the expiration date of the initial term or any extension thereof (collectively, the "Term").
The term of the Franchise shall be twenty (20) years, commencing on January 1, 2016.
The term of this Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue until terminated as hereinafter provided (the "Term").
Terms of the project: 12 weeks from February 8, 2018 to May 3, 2018
This Agreement shall come into force on the Date of the Agreement, and shall, subject to article 18, remain in full force and effect for an initial period of *** from the Commercial Launch Date.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for one (I) year, unless earlier terminated as expressly provided in Sections 1.3. 10.1. or 10.2 of this Agreement (the *Initial Term")
This Agreement will remain in effect for Thirty-six (36)<omitted>months following the Hosting Service Ready Date ("Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Article XVI, this IP Agreement and the licenses granted herein will continue in effect from the Effective Date until the expiration of the last to expire of the Patents and any additional period of time thereafter that any of the Patents remain enforceable such as in the United States where a party can sue for infringement after a patent expires and seek damages for any infringement of the patent during the six years immediately preceding the filing of a suit for infringement.
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate on December 31, 2034 (such period, including as may be extended in accordance with the subsequent sentence, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article 11, shall expire on the last day of the Royalty Term.
This term of this Agreement shall commence on the EFFECTIVE DATE and shall continue, in each country, until the date of expiration of the last to expire patent within PATENT RIGHT(S) in that country.
The "Term" of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration or earlier termination of the last Addendum to expire or be terminated, at which time this Agreement will expire, unless this Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") (a) shall commence on the first day of the Warranty Period for the first Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation and (b) shall, unless terminated earlier under Section 4.1 of this Agreement or unless extended by mutual agreement of the Parties, terminate on the date that is the last day of the Warranty Period for the last Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation.
Subject to all other terms and conditions set forth herein, as of the date of this agreement, LEADER maintain the software for an additional five years.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of year as of the Effective Date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated, shall continue in full force and effect for a period of [***] years thereafter.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect for an initial term of **** from the Supply Commencement Date of the Product ("Initial Term").
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Facility Addendum, this Agreement (a) shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of four (4) years from such date (the "Initial Term" of this Agreement), unless sooner terminated pursuant to Section 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 or 7.7, and (b) may be extended for up to three (3) additional periods of twelve (12) months (each, an "Extension Period") by written notice given by Customer to Manufacturer not less than twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Extension Period, as the case may be.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the 60th day following a written notice from one party to the other of its decision to terminate this Agreement at the end of such 60-day period or upon termination of the applicable Distribution Agreement with respect to a Fund.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on the date hereof (the "Commencement Date"), and will continue until the earlier of (i) December 31, 2022, (ii) the termination or expiration of the Studio Lease (defined below), (iii) election to terminate and notice thereof given by Programmer to Licensee, and (iv) mutual written consent of Licensee and Programmer (the "Term"), unless extended or earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11 hereof.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a period of five (5) years from the Reseller's first purchase order for Product issued to Todos (the "Initial Term"), unless terminated earlier by one of the parties in accordance with the terms of this Section 11.
The term of this JSMA shall commence on May 1, 2020 (the "Commencement Date") and ends at April 30, 2029 (the "Term"), with automatic renewals each for a period of five (5) years (a "Renewal Term") unless notice is given pursuant to 5.2.
Unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of Section ​12, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until July 31, 2019 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid until the [* * *] (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue to be in full force and effect for so long as Photronics and DNP, or any of their Affiliates, each remains a Shareholder of the Company.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect through December 31, 2021 and any Renewal Term (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier as set forth herein.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 12, shall extend until the four (4) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on September 10, 2015 and shall continue for One (1) Year (the "Term").
This Agreement becomes effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 11, shall continue until the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect for an initial period of 1 year ("Initial Term").
This term of this Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereto shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in perpetuity (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions contained herein.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of twelve (12) full calendar months ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term"), unless mutually extended by written agreement of the Parties or unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall commence effective as of the date hereof and shall expire on December 31, 2028.
This Agreement shall continue until January 18, 2022, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods ending on January 18th of each year, provided such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (a) the Fund's Board of Trustees and (b) a vote of a majority (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund's Trustees who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of the Plan, in this Agreement, or any agreement related to the Plan (the "Qualified Trustees"), by vote cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting on such approval.
With respect to each of the Services, the term thereof will be for a period commencing as of the date hereof, unless a different date is specified as the commencement date for any applicable Service on Exhibit A or Exhibit B (either, a "Commencement Date"), and shall continue until 12 months following the Commencement Date unless (i) such other date as is specified as the termination date for any applicable Service in this Agreement or on Exhibit A or Exhibit B, as applicable (the "Term") or (ii) earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement (a "Termination Date").
Cellco's appointment as custodian is effective as of the Initial Cutoff Date and will continue until the later of (i) the date on which all obligations of the Issuer have been paid in full and (ii) the date on which such appointment is terminated under this Section 3.10(f).
This Agreement will terminate on the earlier to occur of (a) the date upon which the last remaining Receivable is paid in full, settled, sold or written off and any amounts received are applied and (b) the Issuer is terminated under Section 8.1 of the Trust Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence as of April 1, 2018 (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon the later of: (a) the conclusion of the 2022/23 NFL season and (b) the last day in February, 2023 (such expiration date, the "Scheduled Expiration Date"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be valid for five (5) years from February 1, 2019 through January 31, 2024 unless this Agreement is terminated earlier pursuant to Section 14 (the "Term").
The term of this agreement will begin on April 1, 2018 and continue until April 30, 2018 at 11:59pm.
This agreement is for a term of ten (10) years.
This Agreement shall commence on March 15, 2018 and will expire on March 14, 2020 unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 13 of the Agreement (the "Term")
The Contract is valid for 5 years, beginning from and ended on .
The "Term" of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will end on the earlier of: (a) the first anniversary of the expiration date of the last Purchase Schedule (as defined in this next Section); (b) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party any time after the expiration of the last Purchase Schedule; or (c) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party as provided in Subsection 11(d) of this Agreement.
Termination Date: December 31, 2023
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the time periods set forth in Schedules 1 and 2 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and continues in perpetuity, unless termination occurs pursuant to Sections 4.2 through 4.4.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
The license granted to the Licensee under this Agreement shall continue perpetually
This Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
TERM: November 01, 2014 to October 31, 2017
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
Period of transportation services: this Agreement is valid for an indefinite term.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and unless earlier terminated as provided elsewhere in this Agreement, will end automatically upon the end of Year 3.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for one (1) year following the Launch Date, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
The Term shall commence on the date of this Agreement and, unless earlier terminated or extended as provided below, shall end as of December 31, 2000.
The term of this Agreement shall be for a period of two (2) years (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall end fifteen months therefrom.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon delivery of [**] to ebix, but in no way shall this Agreement extend any later than thirty (30) months from the Effective Date regardless of the number Filled Application Forms delivered to ebix. About will make commercially reasonable efforts to achieve that number in twelve (12) months or less from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end three (3) years from the date the Co-Branded Application becomes accessible to Excite@Home Members ("Launch Date").
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the date above, and shall continue for a term of one (1) year
Term shall mean the Effective Date through June 15, 2001 and any Renewal Term (as defined in paragraph 7.4 herein.)
INITIAL TERM shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the second anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11.
Initial Term shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the fourth anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8
This Agreement shall be effective upon the ------------------- Effective Date and shall remain in force for a period of one (1) year, and shall be automatically renewed for successive periods of one (1) year unless otherwise terminated as provided herein.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in force for three years from the Launch Date (the "Initial Term") unless earlier
"Launch Date" means the first date on which the Service is made publicly available.<omitted>This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date and will continue in effect for 2 years following the Launch Date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall ----------------------- commence on the Effective Date and end on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the date that the Affiliate Registration Form is approved by Chase and will end when terminated by either party.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of five (5) years from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term") after which this Agreement may be extended on mutual agreement of the parties (a "Renewal Term," and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
This Agreement will remain in force for perpetuity or until and unless otherwise mutually agreed or amended in writing by both parties.
The term of this Agreement will begin upon acceptance of Affiliate's Program application and will end when terminated by either party of this Agreement.
This Agreement is entered into for an unlimited period of time.
This Agreement shall be for the term of one year; thereafter, the Agreement shall renew automatically under these same terms and agreements unless superceded by future agreements.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until either Party informs the other Party with thirty (30) day prior written notice of termination of this Agreement.
The "Initial Term" shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire on March 31, 2011.
The term ("Term") of this Agreement shall be for one hundred eighty days (180) from the date set forth below unless Network 1 or Visa or MasterCard or Harris Bank doesn't approve Affiliate's ISO application, in which case, the Term will be 3 years.
Unless sooner terminated under the provisions hereof, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of one (1) year ("Term"). provided however, that the Parties may extend the Term for an additional year period by entering into an written addendum of the Agreement extending such term.
"CONTRACT PERIOD" means that period of time commencing upon the full execution of this Agreement by both Parties and terminating on May 31, 2016 unless sooner terminated under this Agreement.
All terms of this Agreement will automatically commence on November 1st, 2017, and expire on November 2nd, 2020.
"Term" means: 1.5t January 2013 to 315t December 2013 or until terminated under the provisions of this Agreement or the Primary Agreement.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time from February 21, 2011 through December 31, 2012.
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and ending on February 19, 2013 ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for two years from the date hereof, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (A) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund and (B) the vote of a majority of the Fund's directors who are not parties to this Agreement or "interested persons" (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Fund Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the Investment Fund Act.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this ARTICLE 13, shall remain in effect on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the expiration of the Royalty Term applicable to such Product and country (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect until the expiration of the Sublicense Agreement, unless earlier termination by pursuant to the terms of this Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4 of this Agreement, will continue until the expiration of the Warranty Period as defined in subsection 9(a) of this Agreement.
Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, the Parties' respective rights and obligations under this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force for ten (10) years after the First Commercial Sale of the first Licensed Product, and shall thereafter automatically renew for an unlimited period of time unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Section 15.2.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein, unless earlier terminated by either party, this Agreement shall expire on ______, 20___, and all rights of Developer herein shall cease and all unapplied or unused Development Fees paid pursuant to Section 3 hereof shall be forfeited to Franchisor.
Unless terminated pursuant to Section 10 or 11 below, it shall expire upon the earlier of the date specified in Exhibit "B" or upon the opening of the last El Pollo Loco® Restaurant listed in the Development Schedule.
Dr. Murray's obligations set out herein shall be performed from the Effective Date until December 31, 2018 (the initial "Services Term").
Except as otherwise stated herein as pertaining only to a Services Term, this Agreement shall remain in effect for ten years, unless terminated in accordance with Sections 6.1 (a) or 6.2(b).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance herewith, shall continue in force and effect until (a) the date of expiration of the last Royalty Term for the last Licensed Product, or (b) the expiration of the License Option Period and the failure of AbbVie to exercise the License Option (such period, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") will begin on the date this Agreement is signed by the last signatory ("Effective Date") and remain in effect for [***]; provided, however, that the terms of this Agreement shall remain applicable to any SOW that was executed by the Parties prior to the expiration or termination of this Agreement but whose period of performance extends beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue thereafter for a period of twelve (12) months (the "Initial Term").
The Term shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of five (5) years.
The term "Term" shall mean an initial term of five years, automatically renewable thereafter for successive 5-year terms unless either party provides prior written notice of termination not less than 90 days prior to the end of such five-year term; provided, however, T&B shall have the right to terminate the license after the first year of the Term if LEA does not conduct the Business so as to meet the Cash Sales benchmarks set by the parties for years two through five of the Term, as set forth in Section 3.3, below.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless the Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will come into effect on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force for ten (10) years from the Launch (the "Initial Term"), or the date of expiry of the last valid patent of the Licensed Product, whichever comes later, subject to clauses 19.2, 19.3, 19.4 and 19.5 hereunder
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will commence on the Effective Date and will expire upon the earliest of (i) termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 14.2, or (ii) the date of payment of the last Approval Payment due based on all applicable Regulatory Approvals which have been received.
The term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article XII, shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration of Sanofi's payment obligations under Article IX or the Profit/Loss Share Agreement, whichever is later (the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 14 hereof (the "Term").
This Agreement commences on the date it is executed and shall continue until full performance by both parties, or until earlier terminated by one party under the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will be for the maximum period of six (6) months beginning for the commencement date, renewable in accordance with the terms hereof, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.
This Agreement will be in effect for three (3) years from the Effective Date ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Unless otherwise stated in the Appendix the term of this letter Agreement shall continue for twenty-four (24) months with the effective date unless terminated sooner or extended pursuant to the terms hereof ("Initial Term")
Contract end: 04-01-08
The initial term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and end twelve (12) months after the Launch (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b).
This Agreement and the provisions hereof, except as otherwise provided, shall be in full force and effect commencing on the date of execution by both Parties and shall extend for an initial term of two (2) years.
This Agreement will become effective as of the last date of signature (Effective Date) and shall, unless sooner terminated as provided below or as otherwise agreed, remain effective for an initial term of 10 Years following the first date of public availability of the PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Content within a THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION Property (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the date on which it is signed and affixed with the corporate seals by the authorized representative of each Party and have a term of five (5) years commencing as of the effective date hereof.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, except as set forth in Subsection (ii), continue in full force and effect through the Delivery Period.
This agreement will be in effect until the end of 2006 and will be evaluated at that time.
This Agreement shall take effect from the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect for twenty (20) years thereafter, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Clause 8.
Expiration Date: August 31, 2006
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on the Expiration Date set forth above (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 3(b).
The Term of the Agreement is hereby extended to January 20, 2012 unless sooner terminated as provided for in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be in effect until March 18. 2021, unless sooner terminated by either party upon (30) days written notice, without cause.
This contract shall remain in effect initially for the five (5) year term ("Initial Term") from the date signed and shall be automatically extended for one (1) year periods after the Initial Term ("Renewal Term") unless (i) either party provides written notice of its intention not to renew the Agreement within 180 days prior to any Renewal Term; or (ii) this Agreement is otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms of this Section 12.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate in _____________, on _____________, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement may be renewed for successive one (1) year periods if STAAR and Distributor expressly agree in writing and in their sole discretion to renew this Agreement prior to the foregoing termination date or any successive renewal term.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until September 1, 2045, unless earlier terminated by either Party pursuant to this Article 12 (the "Term").
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, all rights and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect for a period of eighteen (18) months after the initial theatrical release of that Property.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, including Robots, Kingdom of Heaven, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, In Her Shoes, Idiocracy (Oww My Balls) and Ice Age II, all right and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect until March 31, 2008."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Term") is the Effective Date through March 15, 2022.
This Agreement expires ten (10) years from the Agreement Date (the "Term"), unless it is terminated sooner as provided in other sections of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided under this Agreement, shall terminate five (5) years following the date of launch of the first Website, but in no event later than February 28, 2013 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue thereafter for a period of two (2) years, unless extended by written agreement of both parties or sooner terminated as set forth below.
This Agreement and the license granted herein shall remain effective until terminated.
Unless otherwise provided herein, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue through the completion or termination of Developer's services and work product as mutually agreed upon between the Parties (the Project).
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Commencement Date and will continue through December 31, 2022 or until this Agreement is otherwise terminated in accordance with its provisions ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate automatically without notice on December 31, 2022, unless the Parties agree in writing to extend the term of the Agreement (the initial term and any renewal terms are referred to collectively herein as the "Term").
This Second Amendment shall be effective from The Second Amendment Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2021.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue for a period of three (3) years therefrom (the "Term").
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue until termination as provided below.
This Agreement is for a term (the "Term") of 12 months from the Effective Date on June 1s t 2020 and expiring May 31st 2021.
This Agreement shall be in full force and effect commencing on January 2, 2020 and shall remain in effect for one (1) year or until Consultant completes the services requested
The term of this Agreement shall commence on January 10th, 2019 and shall expire on the day that is twenty-four (24) months from that date (the "Term of Engagement") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Term: twelve (12) months from the date of the Agreement which term shall automatically renew for an additional twelve (12) months on such date if the Agreement is not otherwise terminated according to Section 8 of the Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be the sooner of six (6) months from the Effective Date, or replacement of this Agreement with a subsequent agreement between the Parties.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the four-year anniversary of the Effective Date (such period, as it may be extended, either by the mutual written agreement of the parties or automatically, or earlier terminated being referred to as the "Consultation Period"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4, and shall automatically renew for successive one-year periods, unless the Company provides 90 days' notice of termination before any such successive period.
The term of this Agreement is for a period of five (5) years (the "Term") commencing on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the termination provisions of this Agreement, ending on January 31, 2025.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall expire twenty (20) years from the effective date of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
The term of this Agreement for the Hosted Site shall commence upon April 1, 1999 and shall continue for a period of six (6) months, unless earlier terminated in accordance with provisions hereof.
This Agreement shall continue in effect from the Effective Date for a one (1) year period, unless earlier terminated as set forth below, and thereafter shall renew automatically for successive one (1) year periods unless either party gives the other party at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of its intent not to renew the Agreement.
The effective term is 12 months beginning March 1, 2005 and ending February 28, 2006.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a period of 12 months thereafter (the "Period") in full force and effect until it is terminated in accordance with this Section 3.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated under this Article, shall continue in effect until the Conversion Date (the "Term"); provided that, with respect to any LMG Tools identified in Exhibit A as having a license term beyond the Conversion Date, TAG's License to, and LMG's obligation to provide LMG Services for, such LMG Tools shall survive for the period specified in Exhibit A.
The term of this Agreement is for ten (10) years commencing on the date of this Agreement, unless terminated as provided by this Agreement.
The obligations of the Agent pursuant to this Agreement shall terminate upon termination of the Offering, but in no event later than 45 days after the completion of the Subscription Offering (the "End Date").
The initial term of this Agreement is one (1) year from the date of delivery of the Product to Licensee unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
1 April 2009
The maintenance is for a period of one (1) year commencing upon expiration of the initial one (1) year term of the License/Services Schedule.
XIMAGE's obligations hereunder shall become effective upon the "Effective Date" and, unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall remain in full force and effect for at least one year thereafter.
This Agreement be deemed effective as of the Effective Date, Agreement and shall terminate on December 31, 2020, unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 3.2.
This Agreement shall continue in force until the earlier to occur of (i) the Owner no longer owns any Receivables or Participation Interests, and (ii) subject to Section 7(d), the delivery of written notice of termination by the Owner to the Servicer pursuant to Section 7(c), in each case upon which event this Agreement shall automatically terminate unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Servicer and the Owner.
Agent's appointment hereunder shall commence on the next business day after the later of (i) the date hereof, or (ii) the date Agent has confirmed that Client's records have been converted to Agent's system (the "Effective Date"), and shall continue for three years thereafter (the "Initial Term").
In relation to each Fund, this Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (a) the expiration of the term of such Fund or (b) the date, if any, on which Oaktree US (or any affiliate it has substituted in its stead in accordance with such Fund's Fund Agreement) is removed as general partner of such Fund or (c) the Sub-Advisor ceasing to be authorised and regulated by the FCA.
This Agreement shall take effect on the date of signature of the Agreement by both parties and shall terminate when all obligations required of both parties hereunder are performed unless either terminated earlier or extended by the parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement subject to clause 4.0.
At any time that there is no uncompleted Statement of Work outstanding, either party may terminate this Agreement for any or no reason upon fifteen (15) days advance notice to the other.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof and shall continue until terminated by either party pursuant to Paragraph 6 hereof.
The term of this Services Agreement shall begin on the date of execution and shall continue in effect for a period of two years.
Subject to the provisions for termination hereinafter provided, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a minimum period of 12 months (the "Minimum Period") and thereafter upon the mutual agreement of the Company and Maimon (the "Service Term").
This Agreement shall terminate (a) at the option of any party, upon 90 days' advance written notice to the other parties hereto; or (b) in the event of a material breach that has not been cured within ten days following a written notice of breach to the breaching party.
This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by the Parties.
The Appointment may be terminated by either party giving the other at least 12 months' notice in writing.
Your employment shall commence on 26 September 2019 and shall continue unless and until either party gives notice to the other in accordance with paragraph 11 below.
This Agreement shall terminate immediately and automatically upon the termination of Company's Participation Agreement(s) with the Funds, and in such event no notice need be given hereunder.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
"Service Period" means April. 1st 2019 through to March 30, 2020<omitted>The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
Subject to earlier termination as provided below, this Service Agreement is for the total duration of the Company's Offering (the "Initial Term") unless either party requests termination at least 30 days prior to the end of the then-current term.
The Executive's employment with the Company will commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue, subject to the remaining terms of this Agreement, until terminated by either party giving the other the following minimum advance written notice: 2.1.1 6 weeks' notice; 2.1.2 such other longer period as required by law.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the day and year first above written and shall govern the relations between the parties hereto thereafter, unless terminated as set forth in this Section 6.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year, commencing January 1, 2008 and ending on December 31, 2008.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate at the end of the Exclusivity Period (i.e., a three (3) year period commencing on the Effective Date).
Subject to the provisions of Section 14 hereof, the term of this Agreement and the sponsorship described herein shall commence on January 1, 2010 and extend through December 31, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be four (4) Processing Years commencing on the Effective Date of this Agreement and ending on June 30, 2010 unless
This Agreement shall automatically terminate at and as of (the first to occur of): (a) 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on the 30th day after the Effective Date (if Purchaser has not commenced the Offer, with the unanimous consent of the Sponsors, by then); (b) the expiration of the Offer (if the Offer is not consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), subject to any extension or subsequent offering period; and (c) the expiration of the Interim Period (if the Offer is consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), in any case, unless sooner terminated by unanimous written consent of the Participating Sponsors; provided, however, that any liability for failure to comply with this Agreement shall survive any such termination.
Unless otherwise terminated as specified in this Section 12, the ---- term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and will not end until the later of (a) twelve (12) months from the Launch Date; or (2) the date Intuit displays a total of 176,717,916 Impressions in accordance with the terms set forth herein ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the "Effective Date" and shall continue for ten (10) Contract Years, unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 6 of this Agreement or extended by renewal by written agreement of the Parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 13(o) of this Agreement (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided for herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence as of the date hereof and shall terminate at the end of the Season which is scheduled to end on October 12, 2002 (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and conclude on October 31, 2010, unless renewed by agreement or sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
If the Launch Date has not occurred by August 31, 1999, Sponsor shall, in its sole discretion, be entitled to terminate this Agreement without any liability and receive a full refund of all amounts paid by Sponsor to drkoop.com pursuant to this Agreement prior to the date of such termination.
The initial term (the "Initial Term"; and together with all extensions and renewals, the "Term") will begin on the date set forth above * * * (the "Launch Date") on which: (i) each of the Sponsor Areas of the drkoop.com Website are operational in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (other than the e-commerce tile placements); and (ii) the links to the<omitted>Sponsor Website or Vitamin Buzz contained in the Sponsor logos or the Sponsor banner advertisements are established in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, subject to earlier termination as set forth in this Agreement.
In the event that Excite has not delivered XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX clickthroughs to the Client Site by the end of twelve (12) months after the Launch Date, the first year of the term of the Agreement will be extended without additional sponsorship and advertising fees for up to an additional four (4) months.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not end until Excite displays of a total of XXXXXXXXXXXXX impressions of Client's advertising banners and promotional placements on the Excite Site and Excite has made reasonable commercial efforts to deliver, at minimum, a goal of XXXXXXXX clickthroughs to the Client Site.
Regardless of Excite's actual delivery of impressions and clickthroughs, the term of this Agreement will not be shorter than two (2) years after the display of the first of Client's advertising banners and promotional placements, subject to the termination rights set forth below.
The initial production period shall be for a period of two (2) months to commence on November 4, 1998 (the "Production Period"), and the remaining term of this Agreement shall be for a period of twenty four (24) months to commence on the tentative launch date of January 4, 1999, unless terminated earlier as provided herein (the "Promotion Period"), (The Production Period and the Promotion Period shall be collectively referred to as the "Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and, unless terminated as provided herein, shall continue through November 30, 1998.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on July 19, 1999 and shall ---- thereafter continue until all above described Sponsor benefits are completed, but in no event beyond the end of the 1999 season (the "Term").
If Hydron does not timely exercise its right to terminate this Agreement, then Hydron agrees that this Agreement shall continue for the entire four (4) year term unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end on the second (2nd) anniversary of the Commencement Date.
Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall take effect on December 1st, 2015 and shall expire on November 30, 2016.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the specific terms of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not end until Excite displays a total of [*****] impressions of the Client advertising banners and promotional placements on the Excite Network as described in this Agreement and pushes [*****] emails using the email vehicles specified in Exhibit B
The services described herein to be provided by Agency shall begin upon execution and delivery of the Outsourcing Agreement and shall continue until termination of Contractor's activities to administer the Notes thereunder.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the date first set forth above, and shall continue in full force and effect until terminated as provided below.
The initial term ("Initial Term") of this Agreement shall be for one year commencing on the 1st day of May, 2006 ("Effective Date").
This agreement shall commence on January 20, 2014 (the "Effective Date") and shall continue in effect for six (6) months (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of the contracted agreement is 5 years from the commencement date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and extend for three (3) years thereafter ("INITIAL TERM"), with an automatic renewal for an indefinite period of time ("EXTENDED TERM"), unless terminated by the parties according to Sections 16.2. or 16.3. herein.
The term of this Agreement will commence on January 1, 1998 (the "Effective Date") and will end on December 31, 1998.
"Term" shall mean the period commencing on the Effective Date and terminating on the eighth anniversary of the Commencement Date, unless the Agreement is extended in accordance with its provisions.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on November 30, 2014 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall be valid for an indefinite period.
This Attachment and its Product Attachments shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in Section 5.0 of the Base Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in Section 5.0.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms hereof, the term of this Agreement shall end on the seventh anniversary of the date hereof.
This Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement will be for two (2) year(s) commencing on the Effective Date.
This Agreement is effective as of August 1, 2004, (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate on July 31, 2009, (the "Termination Date") unless earlier terminated or extended as provided for herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date unless sooner terminated pursuant to the termination provisions herein.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of 1 year after the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated as set forth herein (the "TERM").
This Amendment shall enter into force on the date of its signature by both Parties and, unless otherwise agreed upon in writing by the Parties through a subsequent amendment to the GMA, shall remain in force for the term of the referenced GMA.
The Agreement shall end on the End Date without any further action, unless otherwise provided under this Agreement.
"End Date" means the date on which this Agreement is terminated or expires, and shall be the earlier to occur of the following, as appropriate: (i) the end of the Initial Term as defined in Clause 3.1of this Agreement; or, (ii) the end of the term of each annual renewal of this Agreement as per Clause 3.2 of this Agreement; or, (iii) the date on which all or part of this Agreement is terminated as per Clause 16 ("Termination");
The Agreement enters into force on the Signing Date; it will have a duration of [*****] as from the Start Date (the "Initial Term").
The first paid (Initial) Maintenance Term shall commence upon expiration of the Warranty Period and shall continue for twelve (12) months thereafter.
This Agreement shall apply and remain in effect from the Effective Date and perpetually thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the Section entitled "Termination."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the date that payment is due for Minimum Payment Period 7, pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof and as set forth in Attachment B hereof, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
This Agreement shall come into force on the Effective Date and shall remain in force and effect for a period of [Redacted - Commercially Sensitive - Term Details] , unless this Agreement is extended or previously terminated in accordance with this clause 12, pursuant to clause 15.1 (Force Majeure), or (ii) by the mutual written consent of the Parties (the "Term").
The Agreement shall have an initial term of ten (10) years commencing from the Effective Date and ending on the tenth (10th) anniversary thereof (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of Section 15.2 or Section 15.3.
The "Term" shall begin on the date hereof and shall expire December 31, 2023, subject to early termination pursuant to the terms of Section 19. Flotek, may, by written notice given to FCC on or before September 30, 2023, elect for the Term to be extended to December 31, 2024.
TERM OF EXECUTION From January 30, 2012 until July 29, 2012
Subject to the General Terms and Conditions of Transporter's FERC Gas Tariff and Rate Schedule FTS/ITS, this Agreement shall be effective as of the date of physical completion of and initial deliveries on Transporter's pipeline and shall continue for a primary term of ten years.
This Agreement shall be effective from the date first above written and shall continue indefinitely until terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
The Agreement shall continue through the project's in-service date and for a period of fifteen (15) years after the project's in-service date ("Initial Term").
"Initial Term" means the period commencing on the Effective Date and concluding on the last day of the month in which the fifth anniversary of the Offtake Agreement Effective Date falls.
"Offtake Agreement" means that certain Crude Oil Sale and Purchase Agreement between the Principal and STASCO dated 1 November 1999.
This contract shall be effective as of November 1, 2002, and shall remain in force and effect, unless modified as per Exhibit B, until October 31, 2012.
"Royalty Term" means, with respect to sales of a Product in the Territory, the time period beginning on the First Commercial Sale of such Product in the Territory and expiring on the latest of the following dates: (a) *** (b) *** (c) ***<omitted>Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall continue in effect until the expiration of the Royalty Term as defined in Section 1.87 ("Term"), and thereafter Green Cross has no remaining payment obligations with respect to the Products pursuant to Section 8.5 above and MacroGenics shall have no further obligations hereunder.
The term of the agreement is 20 years, during which if any main equipment of any Party stops operation due to technical problem or at the end of its life cycle, the agreement shall be automatically terminated.
This Agreement shall come into force as of January 1, 2013 and remain valid for 1 year.
As of the effective date hereof, the original cooperation of mobile game business executed between the Parties shall terminate automatically.
Party A and Party B agree and confirm that the term of cooperation under this Agreement shall commence from the execution date hereof and end on the expiration date of the operation term of Party B ("Term of Cooperation").
Unless this Agreement is early terminated in accordance with this Agreement or other agreements signed by the Parties hereof, the term of the validity of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date.
"Intended End of Term" means the later of (a) the seventh (7th) anniversary of the Effective Date and (b) the date determined to be the "Intended End of Term" under Section 7.2.2(d) (Effects of Tolling).<omitted>This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms, including by Ginkgo pursuant to Section 7.3 (Buy-Down Election) or extended by the mutual written agreement of the Parties, shall continue until the Intended End of Term (such time period, as may be extended pursuant to this Section 13.3.1 (Term - General), the "Term"); provided that, if,<omitted>at the expiration of the Intended End of Term, Ginkgo has paid the Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitment, but will not have paid to BLI the Full Purchase Target, then the Term of this Agreement shall automatically extend for an additional [***] ([***]) year period from the date of the expiration of the then-Intended End of Term so that, among other things, BLI may potentially receive the benefit of the Full Purchase Target and Ginkgo may receive the continuing benefit of royalty-free licenses.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial term of three (3) years from the Promotion Commencement Date, divided into three one-year periods.
Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall commence effective June 1, 1998, and shall continue for a term of three (3) years expiring May 31, 2001 (the "Term").
"Term" means the earlier of: (a) the end of the two year period from the Effective Date to 31 July 2013; or (b) the last day of the calendar month within which the Maximum Distribution Commitment is reached.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as set out in this Agreement, shall continue for the Term.
This promotion shall begin on June 1,1999 and shall terminate June 1, 2000 (herein "Term")
The Joint Venture shall commence on the 1st of March, 2003, and shall be effective until February 28, 2004 unless extended by written agreement of the Joint Venturers not less than thirty (30) days prior to scheduled termination.
Except as otherwise provided herein, the term of this Agreement is three (3) years from the Execution Date ("Cooperation Period").
The term of this Agreement is twelve (12) months from the date hereof, and will be automatically renewed for one (1) additional twelve month period unless either party shall notify the other in writing of its intention not to renew.
This Agreement is effective as of the date hereof and shall remain in full force and effect for the period (the "Covered Period") commencing on the date hereof and ending on the date that is the earliest of: (i) the Company's failure to appoint the ValueAct Designee to the Board following the ValueAct Group's written request to the Company to have the ValueAct Designee appointed to the Board pursuant to Section 1(a) of this Agreement; (ii) the failure of the Company to comply in good faith with Section 1(e) of this Agreement; or (iii) the date which is the 60t h day prior to the Company's 2016 annual meeting of stockholders.
This Agreement shall take effect as of the Effective Date and shall expire upon completion of the Project as set forth in the Project Plan and after payment of all payments due and payable according to this Agreement, unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
"Expiration Date" means March 31, 2020.
The Joint Venture is a fixed term Joint Venture beginning November 27, 2018 and ending November 30th, 2019 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on February 1, 1998 and end on the first anniversary of the date of this Agreement; provided that (a) either party may terminate this Agreement, effective at any time after the first three months of the Term, by giving 30 days' written notice of termination to the other party, and (b) either party may terminate this Agreement at any time by giving written notice of termination to the other party, if the other party commits a material breach of its obligations hereunder that is not cured within 30 days after notice thereof from the non-breaching party.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue, unless terminated sooner in accordance with this Article VIII, until June 27, 2011 (the "Term").
This Agreement shall continue until terminated as provided herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated under the terms of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the Services to be provided with respect to any Account which is registered as an investment company under the 1940 Act (herein referred to as a "registered investment company") are services referred to in the definition of "investment advisor" under Section 202(a)(11) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (herein referred to as "investment advisory services"), then with respect to such Account, this Agreement: (i) shall not commence until the effective date of its approval by the board of directors or trustees ("Board") of such Account; (ii) shall continue from year to year thereafter, subject to the provisions for termination and all other terms and conditions hereof, only if such continuation shall be specifically approved at least annually by a majority of the Board, including a majority of the members of the Board who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons of any such party (other than as members of the Board) cast in person at a meeting called for that purpose; (iii) may be terminated at any time without the payment of any penalty by the Board or by a vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities (as defined in Section 2(a)(42) of the 1940 Act) of the Account on 60 days' written notice to the Adviser; (iv) shall automatically terminate in the event of (A) its assignment (as defined in the 1940 Act) or (B) termination of the Advisory Agreement for any reason whatsoever.
Subject to the remaining provisions of this Section, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the effective date first above written and shall continue until terminated by mutual agreement of the parties hereto or by either party on not less than 60 days' written notice to the other party hereto.
This Limited Power of Attorney shall be revoked and terminated automatically upon the cancellation or termination of the Services Agreement or as to any Fund upon the cancellation or termination of the Adviser's Investment Advisory Contract for such Fund.
Unless otherwise mutually agreed to by the Parties, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end upon expiration of the Term, unless terminated early as contemplated hereunder.
"Term" means, on a Country-by-Country and Collaboration Product-by-Collaboration Product basis, the period from the Effective Date until the later of (a) the expiration or termination of the last Valid Claim of a Patent Right covering the Pooled Compound in such Collaboration Product in such Country, and (b) fifteen (15) years from First Commercial Sale in such Country, unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with Article 14.
The term of the CDx Development Program shall be five (5) years.
The term for Database Insights under Section 3.1.8 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Database Insights Term").
The term "Agreement Term" shall mean the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is terminated sooner as provided in Article 17, expiring on the date when all work has been completed or terminated under all R&D Plans.
The initial term of the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program will be five (5) years beginning on the Effective Date.
The term for Sample Profiling set forth in Section 3.1.4 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Profiling Term").
This Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue for the Agreement Term.
The initial term of the ctDNA Platform Development Program will be twelve (12) months.
The initial term of this Agreement shall, unless sooner terminated by consent of all parties, expires in five (5) years from the date of Effective Date.
The Contract Term shall extend for a period of fifty (50) years.
This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date, and will continue until the expiration of the "Sales Term" as that term is defined in the Sales Dealer Agreement dated as of August 16, 2017 between Vivint and Vivint Solar Developer, LLC (the "Term")."
The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years, subject to the prior termination rights provided below.
Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, this Agreement continues in effect for an initial term of seven (7) years ("Initial Term") and will automatically renew for one or more annual periods after the Initial Term (each a "Renewal Term") unless either party gives notice of non-renewal at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the beginning of any Renewal Term.
The duration of this Venture (the "Term") will begin on March 1, 2020 and continue in full force and effect until February 28, 2025 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
This Amendment shall only become effective upon the VNBJ Closing with respect to Article 1.1 and the VNBZ Closing with respect to Article 1.2, and shall terminate without any force or effect in the event that the VNBJ SPA and the VNBZ SPA are terminated in accordance with the terms thereof.
This JV Agreement shall become effective on the signing date and shall have a duration of * years, extendable for a further * years, unless notice of non- renewal is sent one year before the natural expiry date.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of execution and shall continue in force and effect for an indefinite term thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the provisions of Article 16 or by all the Parties in writing.
This agreement shall terminate: a. Automatically if any public authority cancels or declines to renew the Agency's license or Certificate of Authority. b. Immediately if either party gives detailed written notice to the other of alleged gross and willful misconduct, fraud or material misrepresentation.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date hereof and shall terminate upon the termination of the Offering.
This Agreement will become effective as of the date first written above and will continue in effect thereafter until terminated pursuant to Paragraph 4.2 below.
This Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years commencing upon the Effective Date hereof unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement (the "Initial Term").
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the later to occur of the date that is (x) three (3) years from the date hereof and (y) the date on which an affiliate of Freedom Mortgage is not acting as the external manager of Cherry Hill.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years following the Effective Date or until the Studies are completed, whichever is later, unless extended or unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof.
Term: This Study Order will continue until the Study is completed, which is expected to be ________ (__) months after the Effective Date, or until terminated early as provided in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the date first set forth above and, shall expire on the later of (i) five (5) years from the date hereof, or (ii) with respect to any projects identified in any contract for which VET TECH is billing the client directly, upon the completion of COOL TECH's Services and receipt of payment by COOL TECH from VET TECH for said services.
Unless terminated sooner, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years thereafter (the "Initial Term") and shall automatically renew for additional one (1) year terms on the terms and conditions set forth herein (each a "Renewal Term" and collectively, the "Term") unless either party gives the other Party Notice of its intention to terminate this Agreement ninety (90) days before the end of the Initial Term or Renewal Term, if any.
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this ---- Agreement shall terminate on the later of (i) the third anniversary of the Effective Date or (ii) the date on which ETI ceases to be a Subsidiary of NTL.
THIS STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), made effective this 17t h day of February 2016, through February 16, 2019 (the "Initial Term") i
Either party may terminate this agreement after 3 years following the effective date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall remain in effect for a period of 5 years ("Initial Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years from the date of execution and may be extended subject to satisfactory agreement on ongoing commercial terms, to be agreed two (2) months prior to the expiration of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until the later of (a) the fourth (4th) anniversary of the Effective Date, or (b) the completion or termination of the Research and receipt by LBIO of all deliverables due from MD Anderson hereunder, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.2 or Section 9.14.
This Agreement is effective on the Effective Date and shah continue in effect until the earlier of (a) the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date, and (b) termination by either Party for any reason upon thirty (30) days' written notice to the other Party; provided, however, that no Party shall be able to terminate this Agreement so long as such Party is a Defaulting Party under this Agreement.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until it is terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 15 of this Agreement ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and will continue in effect until five (5) year(s) from such date (the "Initial Term") unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 25.
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Initial Term") will be ten (10) years from the Effective Date, provided that at any time following the 7th anniversary of such date, either party may terminate such strategic alliance upon not less than 60 days' prior written notice to the other party.
The rights and obligations of the Farids Group set forth in this Article VI (other than those set forth in Sections 6.8 and 6.9) shall terminate on the date that the Farids Group owns less than 3% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock, but in no event earlier than the Expiration Date (as defined in the Warrant).
The term of this Agreement is twenty-four (24) months.
This Agreement shall be for an initial term of five (5) years, and unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall automatically renew for an additional term of five (5) years thereafter.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for a term of ten (10) years, unless previously terminated in accordance with Clause 15 (Termination).
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of two (2) years ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 11 of this Agreement.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 4.2 or 4.3, this Agreement will be in effect from the Effective Date until completion of the Research Program.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of three (3) years after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement is effective on the day of May 1, 2013 and the effective term is the same as the Cooperation Ter
The Cooperation Term of the parties shall be two years from May 1, 2013 to April 30, 2015.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, (i) that this Section 8 shall survive any such termination and (ii) no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, shall continue in full force and effect until terminated pursuant to this Article 18.
This Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of: (i) the conclusion of the Standstill Period or (ii) delivery of written notice by one Party to the other Party of a material breach of this Agreement by the breaching Party that is uncured after ten (10) calendar days of notice of such breach.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement will be effective as of the date of its execution, and term of the Cooperation will be four years from the date on which the channel is uploaded.<omitted>The channel is expected to be uploaded on August 1, 201
Unless otherwise mutual agreed between the Parties, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the earlier of the below events occur: (a) The fifth (5t h) anniversary of this Agreement; and (b) Otkritie ceasing to own more than 2,237,216 class B shares or American depositary shares of QIWI.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period in accordance with Section 4, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
Subject to the other provisions contained herein, this AGREEMENT shall be for a term of thirty (30) years from the Effective Date, which shall automatically renew from year-to-year thereafter unless terminated by a Party upon sixty (60) days' written notice after the end of the term.
The term of this Agreement shall be fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the following provisions of this Article:
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this IP Agreement shall extend until the last date of expiration of the SRAM Intellectual Property rights licensed under this IP Agreement.
The term of this Agreement is five (5) years unless the early termination in accordance with this Agreement.
The provisions of this Agreement, including the license rights provided in this Article III, shall not be terminable or revocable for any reason.
The term of this IP Agreement shall be from the Effective Date until all of the Intellectual Property licensed hereunder is in the public domain (provided, however, that in such event the representations and warranties in Article III shall survive (and terminate) in accordance with the Acquisition Agreement) or this IP Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 4.3.
This Agreement shall remain in effect for sixty (60) months from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
Unless otherwise agreed in writing by Accuray and Distributor and subject to the termination rights contained in this Agreement, this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until the termination of the Strategic Alliance Agreement; provided, however, that if a Termination Election relating to this Agreement is made pursuant to Section 10.3 of the Strategic Alliance Agreement prior to such termination, this Agreement shall terminate 36 months after such Termination Election (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement shall terminate on May 31, 2015, unless sooner terminated.
As provided for in this Section 1, the term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years, beginning on the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"); provided, however, the Initial Term shall be subject to automatic successive renewal terms of three (3) years each (the "Renewal Terms" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
The terms of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date and will be automatically renewed on each anniversary of the effective date, for a renewal term of one year unless either party provides written notification of its intention not to renew this Agreement at least one month prior to the expiration of the initial or any renewal terms.
Distributor's appointment is for a term of one year from the Effective Date, renewable automatically unless terminated under Section 18
The Term will commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and will remain in effect, unless sooner terminated under paragraphs 5.2, 5.3, or 5.4, until the termination date specified in Exhibit A.
September 30, 1997
This Agreement shall have an initial term of one (1) year from the date first above written (the "Initial Term"), and shall thereafter automatically renew for successive two (2) year periods (each a "Renewal Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement shall be two (2) years from the Effective Date with automatic annual renewals thereafter provided either party does not provide sixty (60) days notice of termination prior to the renewal date or the Agreement is not otherwise terminated as set forth in Section 8.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) calendar years from the Agreement date.
The term of this Agreement shall be ten (10) years (the "Term") which shall commence on the date upon which the Company delivers to Distributor the last Sample, as defined hereinafter.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date first above written and shall terminate on 31 December 2006, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years from the date first set forth above and shall thereafter automatically renew for additional two (2) year terms unless a party provides the other party with notice of non-renewal no less than 6 months prior to the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term unless earlier terminated as follows
April 15, 2000 through October 15, 2000 (6 Months from the Effective Date)
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) years from the Effective Date and shall thereafter be automatically renewed for subsequent one (1) year periods unless either party notifies the other in writing of its election not to renew the Agreement at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the expiration of the then-current term.
Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until terminated by either Party upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice.
This contract shall be for a term of one year commencing on the date first above written; thereafter, it shall automatically continue until terminated by either party upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for 3 years (the "Initial Term") commencing on the date first set forth above (the "Commencement Date") and ending on the 3rd anniversary of the Commencement Date.
The Term of this Agreement shall be for a period of [* ****] years and [*****] months commencing the 1st day of September 2004 and terminating the [*****] day of [*****].
The term of the license hereby granted shall commence August 1, 1995 and continue until January 30, 2000, unless sooner terminated in the manner provided in the immediately succeeding sentence or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
Unless otherwise provided for in this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall be three years, commencing on the date of this Agreement and expiring on the third anniversary date of this Agreement (the "Termination Date").
The COMPANY agrees to a one year engagement to contract the CELEBRITY to speak at the company meetings and seminars along with endorsement of the Company products.
Notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement shall terminate upon the Trust's payment to the Company of the sum of the aggregate amount of the premiums paid under the Policy since inception (which amount includes the outstanding principal balance of the Demand Note).
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing on January 1, 2000 and concluding December 31, 2003, unless terminated sooner as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall extend from the date of execution hereof through and until _______, unless extended by written agreement of the parties.
The term of this Agreement shall commence January 1, 1996, and shall continue for a period of three (3) years, concluding December 31, 1998.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing as of May 31, 1999 and concluding May 31, 2000.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Article 13, shall continue in full force and effect, on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the Secondary Royalty Term with respect to such Product expires, at which time this Agreement shall expire in its entirety with respect to such Product in such country.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and unless terminated earlier by mutual written agreement of the Parties or pursuant to Section 9.2 (Termination At Will) or Section 9.3 (Termination for Cause) below, the term of this Agreement shall continue in effect until Achaogen ceases development and commercialization of Plazomicin ("Term").
Except as provided in Sections 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, and 6.5, this Agreement shall terminate one (1) year from the Rig Release Date, if such has not been terminated sooner pursuant to the provisions hereof.
The term of this Agreement shall be for 10 years commencing on the date of execution of this Agreement by AIRSOPURE.
The Term shall begin on the Effective Date and will end, without further notice, on the Expiration Date set forth in the Addendum, unless terminated earlier under the terms of this Agreement.<omitted>Expiration Date: at midnight on the last day of the month fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date
The term of this Agreement starts on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is earlier terminated in accordance with its provisions, will expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date.
You must operate the Franchise at a mutually agreeable site (the "Premises") to be identified after the signing of this Agreement, and to use the System and the Marks in the operation of that Franchise, for a term of 10 years (the "Initial Term")
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, this Agreement will expire on _______________________________________.
This Agreement shall be effective as of that date (the "Effective Date") the Site becomes fully operational as set forth in writing and executed by both Parties and shall continue for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date.
This Agreement will be effective beginning on 12:01 a.m., Eastern Time, on the day after the date of last signature to these Base Terms ("Effective Date") and ending on the expiration and/or termination of all Service Option Attachments, unless the Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and will terminate on the third anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreemen
This Agreement will take effect on the Effective Date and remain in effect for a period of 1 year; provided, that Sections 2 and 3 level shall terminate promptly upon (a) any action or omission by Client or any of its customers which constitutes a breach of or default by TrueLink under any System Agreement or Credit Repository Agreement, which breach or default has either not been cured or cannot be cured within the applicable cure period and the consequences of which is that TrueLink will lose material rights it had pursuant to said Agreements or (b) any violations or breach by Client of Sections 8a - 8c.
This agreement shall be for a term of five years from the date of this document.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.
"Term" means the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and continuing thereafter indefinitely until this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 10 below.
Subject to early termination of this Agreement pursuant to Sections 7.2, 7.3 or 7.4, this Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue until the expiration or earlier termination of the Development and License Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid for a period of five (5) years with automatic renewal of one year thereafter until terminated<omitted>by either party with one (1) year written notice prior to the expiration of the initial period or any extension period thereof.
Unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 12.2 below, the initial term of this Agreement shall expire on 31 December 2024 (the "Initial Term") unless the Parties mutually agree in writing any extension to the Initial Term.
This Agreement shall have a term of four (4) years from the effective date first set forth above, and shall automatically renew for additional one year terms unless earlier terminated by either party.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall extend for a period of Five (5) years thereafter ("Initial Term"), unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein or is extended by mutual written agreement of the Parties.
Unless terminated earlier as provided herein, this Agreement shall terminate on the date three (3) years from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement is three years from and including the date of this Agreement (the "Initial Term"), with automatic renewal for additional successive one-year terms (each a "Renewal Term" and together wit the Initial Term, the "Term") unless no later than [* * *] days prior to the end of the Initial Term, or any Renewal Term either party notifies the other that it wishes to terminate this Agreement effective the end of the Initial Term or that Renewal Term, as applicable.
Except as otherwise set forth in Sections 9.2 and 9.3 or Exhibit A hereof, the term of this Agreement shall be eighteen (18) months ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for a period of one year from the date of its execution and from year to year thereafter provided such continuance is specifically approved by a majority of the trustees of the Trust who (i) are not "interested persons" of the Trust or any other party to this Agreement, as defined in the 1940 Act, and (ii) have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of this Agreement ("Non- Interested Trustees").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3 of this Agreement, shall continue until the twentieth (20th) anniversary of the Effective Date; provided, however, (i) Operator shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Owner, if Operator provides a substitute operator acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, who (A) has experience operating similar assets, (B) has the ability to provide at least the same quality of service as Operator, (C) has the financial ability to perform the obligations hereunder, and (D) is ready, willing and able to execute an operation and maintenance agreement substantially similar to this Agreement and acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, and (ii) Owner shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Operator.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 8, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
To the extent not terminated previously by AIG pursuant to the foregoing, this Agreement will terminate automatically one year after the closing of any sale of the Company by AIG, and all provisions hereof will be of no further force and effect.
It shall be effective on 06 October 2000 and shall have a duration of two years.
Subject to termination pursuant to this Agreement, the Non Exclusive license granted by Licensor to Licensee shall be for an initial period of 36 months, commencing from the acceptance date, (the "Initial Period").
This Agreement and the license granted under this Agreement shall remain in effect perpetually as long as fees are paid by Sparkling in accordance with the Fee Schedule and the Agreement is not otherwise terminated in accordance with this Section.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for an initial period of five years until terminated in the manner described in Clause 16 below.
In addition, DCL may terminate this Agreement with effect from the 3rd, 4th or 5th anniversary of the Commencement Date by giving not less than six months notice in writing to SEV
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Services Commencement Date and remain effective for ten (10) years (the "Initial Term") unless terminated in accordance with its terms.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in operation for at least a period of twenty-five (25) years (hereinafter called "Initial Period") after the RFCS Date and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
This Agreement shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of: (i) the date on which the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement equal $5,000,000; (ii) the Release Date (as defined in Section 19) or (iii) payment in full, in cash, of all Obligations and the termination of the Financing Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement is less than $5,000,000 and any payment, or any part thereof, on account of any of the Obligations is invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Agent or the Lenders upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or reorganization of any Borrower or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for any Borrower, or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Article 9.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date and year first above written and shall continue in operation for at least an initial period of twenty-five (25) years following the RFS Date (hereinafter referred to as "initial Period") and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
Subject to the provisions of this AGREEMENT, and with effect from the date when the party signing last in time appends its signature to this agreement ("the effective date"), and enduring in perpetuity unless terminated as provided for elsewhere in this AGREEMENT, SAP AFRICA grants, and TELKOM accepts a non-exclusive, non-transferable licence to USE the SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION and other SAP AFRICA PROPRIETARY INFORMATION at the specified DESIGNATED SITE within the TERRITORY.
The licence granted hereunder shall become effective upon execution of this AGREEMENT by both parties and shall endure indefinitely unless terminated under clause 6. 2.
Upon expiration of that 12 months, MMMW affords the Customer the opportunity of a continuation of support on an annual basis as follows: The Initial Term of this Technical Infrastructure Maintenance Agreement is twelve months, commencing on the Effective Date.
This Agreement commences on the date first above written, and will remain in effect for the period of five (5) years, except as otherwise provided herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 7, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, shall continue for the duration of the Lease, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3.
The initial period of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue until March 31, 2003.
This OMA shall expire upon the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the Effective Date and (ii) the date that all Shares of Stock of the Seller Trusts as set forth on Schedule A hereto have been sold (the "Term").
The Term will be 3 years from Effective Date with an automatic 2 year term extensions unless otherwise advised by one of the Parties.
This Agreement between HEMISPHERX and SCIEN shall be in effect beginning the last date of execution set forth on the signature page to the Agreement (the "Effective Date") to which this Quality Agreement is Exhibit 2 and remain in effect until HEMISPHERX and SCIEN terminate the Agreement or it is superseded by a revised Quality Agreement executed by both parties.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue unless and until terminated as provided herein.
Subject to Article 22.2, this Agreement shall remain in force for an Initial Period of 1 year, which may be renewed by mutual consent for such period as the Parties may agree ("Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement or for any of the following reasons:
This Agreement begins on the Effective Date and shall continue indefinitely unless sooner terminated as provided in this Article 5.
This Agreement shall terminate as to the Remarketing Agent and its obligations hereunder with respect to VRRM-MFP Shares upon the earliest to occur of (a) the effective date of the resignation or removal of such Remarketing Agent pursuant to Section 5(a) and Section 5(b), respectively, (b) the completion of a successful Transition Remarketing on a New Mode Commencement Date in connection with transition to a new Mode, or (c) the date on which no VRRM-MFP Shares are Outstanding.
In addition, the<omitted>obligations of the Remarketing Agents may be terminated by them by notice given to the Company prior to 12:00 noon, New York City time on the Remarketing Settlement Date if, prior to that time, any of the applicable conditions precedent to the obligations of the Remarketing Agents described in Section 5 hereof shall have failed to occur.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to earlier termination in accordance with the provisions of Section 16, shall continue in force for a period being the longer of fifteen (15) years from first Commercial Launch of the Product in the Territory or until the expiration of the last valid claim in the PPI Patents covering the Product in any country of the Territory (the "Initial Term").
In addition, the obligations of the Remarketing Agent hereunder may be terminated by it by notice given to the Company prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date immediately preceding the Commencement Date if, prior to that time, any of the events described in Sections 6(i), (j) or (k) shall have occurred.
This Agreement shall terminate (i) the Business Day immediately following the Remarketing Settlement Date, (ii) at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the last date of the Remarketing if the Remarketing is not successful or (iii) on the effective date of the resignation or removal of the Remarketing Agent and the appointment of a new Remarketing Agent.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Agreement or extended by mutual agreement between the parties, shall continue in effect for thirty six (36) months following the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall be effective on the later of the dates that it is executed by Imprimis and Surgical (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate pursuant to the terms of the SOW (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided in this Agreement, the initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period beginning on the Effective Date and ending ten (10) years thereafter unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall be five years commencing on the Effective Date and ending at the close of business on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement shall commence with the first race ----- of the 1998 Winston Cup season and shall continue until the final race of the year-2000 Winston Cup season.
The term of this Agreement will begin on December 15, 1997 and will end the later of (i) December 15, 1999 or (ii) Excite's delivery of all of the guaranteed Click-throughs described in Section 1(f).
This Agreement shall terminate and, subject to the provisions set forth below, be of no further force or effect on the exercise by the Sponsor of its right to terminate this Agreement as provided in subsection 6.2, provided that, in any event, sections 3, 7 and 8 and, in the event that such termination occurs by virtue of paragraph 6.2(b), subsection 2.5 shall not terminate (except as set forth therein) and shall continue in full force and effect for the benefit of the Sponsor or the other parties to this Agreement, as the case may be.
The term (the "Term") shall commence on November 1, 2007 and end on October 31, 2008 (unless terminated earlier in accordance with the General Provisions).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force and effect until one (1) year subsequent to the Effective Date, provided however, that Tickets may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon thirty (30) days' notice to MP3. com at any time prior to the expiration of sixty (60) days subsequent to the Effective Date.
This term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and terminates on August 2nd, 2015 upon completion of event.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for six (6) months.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue in effect for a period of five (5) years (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions set out herein.
This Agreement shall continue in force for a term of twelve (12) months from the Effective Date, unless terminated earlier under the provisions of this Article 8 (the "Term"); PROVIDED that TouchStar shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time after the Effective Date upon not less than fifteen (15) days' prior written notice to Reseller.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for an Initial Term of five (5) years, and will automatically renew for additional periods of five (5) years unless one Party notifies the other of its intention not to renew, no less than 12 months prior to the expiration of the then-current term, unless terminated as permitted under this Agreement.
This Agreement comes into force as of the Effective Date and shall remain valid during the term of the LSA.
This Supply Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue for a period of [***] unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Supply Agreement.
Unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.2 below, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a FIVE (5) year period.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of its execution and shall remain in force for three years (the "Initial Term").
The term of this Supply Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date first set forth above and shall remain in effect until the later of (a) July 31, 2021 or (b) the date that the Parties enter into the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement and Sutro is supplying to SutroVax each Product under the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement (the "Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with Section 10.2.
The term of this Agreement will commence upon the Effective Date and will continue until the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated or extended under this Article 8 (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of the Services, unless terminated as set out herein, shall continue up to and including 28 February 2000 ("the Initial Term").
This Development Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and continue for four (4) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 10.2, or unless the parties extend the term by mutual written Development Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement will be in effect for one year from the Effective Date and will automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods unless terminated as provided below.
This Agreement shall be effective through and including March 31, 2004.
This Agreement shall be effective until the earlier of (a) its termination in accordance with the provisions of this Article 14 or (b) the date that is two (2) years after the date of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement will renew automatically for successive terms of one (1) year each unless a party to this Agreement delivers written notice of termination to the other party to this Agreement at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the original or any renewal term or the parties to this Agreement do not agree in writing to the Quota Amount referred to in subsection 14.2(b)(1) for any one (1) year renewal term at least sixty (60) days prior to the commencement of such term.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on January 1, 2000 and continue for an initial period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 7 hereof, and may be renewed under Section 8 hereof (the initial period plus any renewal period, the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This agreement shall begin upon the date of its execution by MA and acceptance in writing by Company and shall remain in effect until the end of the current calendar year and shall be automatically renewed for successive one (1) year periods unless otherwise terminated according to the cancellation or termination provisions contained in paragraph 18 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall terminate on June 30, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement commences as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to any express provision of this Agreement, shall continue until five (5) years following the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b) [Term and Termination].
The term of this Agreement shall be effective as of the date first stated above and shall continue for a term of three (3) years, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement (the "Term"); provided, however, that PrimeCall may elect to terminate this Agreement, upon thirty (30) days' written notice, at any time from and after the time that collectively RSL Communications, Ltd. and/or its Affiliates holds less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of DeltaThree's outstanding shares.
This Agreement will become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated pursuant to Sections 3.1<omitted>, shall remain effective for two (2) years from and after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This agreement shall commence as of date first above written, and shall Continue through December 31, 2004 ("the Term").
The Term shall commence on July 23, 2013 and shall expire on July 22, 2016, unless otherwise terminated earlier pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall have an Initial Term of three (3) years.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for a period of five years following the initial date of execution of the Memorandum, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 6.2 or Section 2.8 ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall begin as of the Effective Date and continue until Acceptance of all Deliverables for Milestones #1 and #2 pursuant to Section 3.4 and completion of Milestone #3, unless earlier terminated under Section 8.2, as provided for under the Other Agreements, or as mutually agreed by the Parties.
The term of this Agreement shall automatically become effective upon the occurrence of (i) ETON executing a commercial supply agreement with a contract manufacturing organization within forty-five (45) days of the Execution Date, provided that ETON has exercised best efforts to execute such agreement and the failure to execute is solely caused by the refusal or inability of the proposed manufacturing organization to sign a reasonable agreement; and (ii) acceptance for review of the Dossier or marketing application for [ * * * ] by the FDA no later than September 2, 2019 (such date, the "Effective Date") and shall end upon the termination or expiration of the Agreement as set forth in Section 11 (the "Term").
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Article, this Agreement will continue in full force beginning on the Effective Date and ending two (2) years thereafter ("Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the longer of the first anniversary of the Effective Date or the duration of the Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement (the "Term").
This agreement begins on the Commencement Date and, subject to clause 11.2, shall continue for an initial term of one (1) years (Initial Term) and indefinitely after that until terminated by either party giving at least twelve (12) months' prior written notice to expire on or after the expiry date of the initial term.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date first written above and shall continue in effect for a period of Three (3) years.
This Agreement shall become effective upon the date first written above and shall remain in full force and effect for a period of two years (2), unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions in this Agreement.
Unless terminated earlier as provided in this agreement, this Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms hereo
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and automatically renewing annually thereafter, unless either party provides a thirty-day notice of written termination one to the other ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of four (4) years, commencing on the Effective Date, which term may be extended for up to three (3) years by written agreement of both Parties prior to the expiration date of the initial term or any extension thereof (collectively, the "Term").
The term of the Franchise shall be twenty (20) years, commencing on January 1, 2016.
The term of this Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue until terminated as hereinafter provided (the "Term").
Terms of the project: 12 weeks from February 8, 2018 to May 3, 2018
This Agreement shall come into force on the Date of the Agreement, and shall, subject to article 18, remain in full force and effect for an initial period of *** from the Commercial Launch Date.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for one (I) year, unless earlier terminated as expressly provided in Sections 1.3. 10.1. or 10.2 of this Agreement (the *Initial Term")
This Agreement will remain in effect for Thirty-six (36)<omitted>months following the Hosting Service Ready Date ("Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Article XVI, this IP Agreement and the licenses granted herein will continue in effect from the Effective Date until the expiration of the last to expire of the Patents and any additional period of time thereafter that any of the Patents remain enforceable such as in the United States where a party can sue for infringement after a patent expires and seek damages for any infringement of the patent during the six years immediately preceding the filing of a suit for infringement.
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate on December 31, 2034 (such period, including as may be extended in accordance with the subsequent sentence, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article 11, shall expire on the last day of the Royalty Term.
This term of this Agreement shall commence on the EFFECTIVE DATE and shall continue, in each country, until the date of expiration of the last to expire patent within PATENT RIGHT(S) in that country.
The "Term" of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration or earlier termination of the last Addendum to expire or be terminated, at which time this Agreement will expire, unless this Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") (a) shall commence on the first day of the Warranty Period for the first Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation and (b) shall, unless terminated earlier under Section 4.1 of this Agreement or unless extended by mutual agreement of the Parties, terminate on the date that is the last day of the Warranty Period for the last Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation.
Subject to all other terms and conditions set forth herein, as of the date of this agreement, LEADER maintain the software for an additional five years.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of year as of the Effective Date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated, shall continue in full force and effect for a period of [***] years thereafter.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect for an initial term of **** from the Supply Commencement Date of the Product ("Initial Term").
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Facility Addendum, this Agreement (a) shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of four (4) years from such date (the "Initial Term" of this Agreement), unless sooner terminated pursuant to Section 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 or 7.7, and (b) may be extended for up to three (3) additional periods of twelve (12) months (each, an "Extension Period") by written notice given by Customer to Manufacturer not less than twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Extension Period, as the case may be.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the 60th day following a written notice from one party to the other of its decision to terminate this Agreement at the end of such 60-day period or upon termination of the applicable Distribution Agreement with respect to a Fund.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on the date hereof (the "Commencement Date"), and will continue until the earlier of (i) December 31, 2022, (ii) the termination or expiration of the Studio Lease (defined below), (iii) election to terminate and notice thereof given by Programmer to Licensee, and (iv) mutual written consent of Licensee and Programmer (the "Term"), unless extended or earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11 hereof.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a period of five (5) years from the Reseller's first purchase order for Product issued to Todos (the "Initial Term"), unless terminated earlier by one of the parties in accordance with the terms of this Section 11.
The term of this JSMA shall commence on May 1, 2020 (the "Commencement Date") and ends at April 30, 2029 (the "Term"), with automatic renewals each for a period of five (5) years (a "Renewal Term") unless notice is given pursuant to 5.2.
Unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of Section ​12, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until July 31, 2019 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid until the [* * *] (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue to be in full force and effect for so long as Photronics and DNP, or any of their Affiliates, each remains a Shareholder of the Company.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect through December 31, 2021 and any Renewal Term (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier as set forth herein.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 12, shall extend until the four (4) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on September 10, 2015 and shall continue for One (1) Year (the "Term").
This Agreement becomes effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 11, shall continue until the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect for an initial period of 1 year ("Initial Term").
This term of this Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereto shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in perpetuity (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions contained herein.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of twelve (12) full calendar months ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term"), unless mutually extended by written agreement of the Parties or unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall commence effective as of the date hereof and shall expire on December 31, 2028.
This Agreement shall continue until January 18, 2022, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods ending on January 18th of each year, provided such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (a) the Fund's Board of Trustees and (b) a vote of a majority (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund's Trustees who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of the Plan, in this Agreement, or any agreement related to the Plan (the "Qualified Trustees"), by vote cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting on such approval.
With respect to each of the Services, the term thereof will be for a period commencing as of the date hereof, unless a different date is specified as the commencement date for any applicable Service on Exhibit A or Exhibit B (either, a "Commencement Date"), and shall continue until 12 months following the Commencement Date unless (i) such other date as is specified as the termination date for any applicable Service in this Agreement or on Exhibit A or Exhibit B, as applicable (the "Term") or (ii) earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement (a "Termination Date").
Cellco's appointment as custodian is effective as of the Initial Cutoff Date and will continue until the later of (i) the date on which all obligations of the Issuer have been paid in full and (ii) the date on which such appointment is terminated under this Section 3.10(f).
This Agreement will terminate on the earlier to occur of (a) the date upon which the last remaining Receivable is paid in full, settled, sold or written off and any amounts received are applied and (b) the Issuer is terminated under Section 8.1 of the Trust Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence as of April 1, 2018 (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon the later of: (a) the conclusion of the 2022/23 NFL season and (b) the last day in February, 2023 (such expiration date, the "Scheduled Expiration Date"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be valid for five (5) years from February 1, 2019 through January 31, 2024 unless this Agreement is terminated earlier pursuant to Section 14 (the "Term").
The term of this agreement will begin on April 1, 2018 and continue until April 30, 2018 at 11:59pm.
This agreement is for a term of ten (10) years.
This Agreement shall commence on March 15, 2018 and will expire on March 14, 2020 unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 13 of the Agreement (the "Term")
The Contract is valid for 5 years, beginning from and ended on .
The "Term" of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will end on the earlier of: (a) the first anniversary of the expiration date of the last Purchase Schedule (as defined in this next Section); (b) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party any time after the expiration of the last Purchase Schedule; or (c) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party as provided in Subsection 11(d) of this Agreement.
Termination Date: December 31, 2023
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the time periods set forth in Schedules 1 and 2 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and continues in perpetuity, unless termination occurs pursuant to Sections 4.2 through 4.4.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
The license granted to the Licensee under this Agreement shall continue perpetually
This Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
TERM: November 01, 2014 to October 31, 2017
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
Period of transportation services: this Agreement is valid for an indefinite term.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and unless earlier terminated as provided elsewhere in this Agreement, will end automatically upon the end of Year 3.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for one (1) year following the Launch Date, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
The Term shall commence on the date of this Agreement and, unless earlier terminated or extended as provided below, shall end as of December 31, 2000.
The term of this Agreement shall be for a period of two (2) years (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall end fifteen months therefrom.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon delivery of [**] to ebix, but in no way shall this Agreement extend any later than thirty (30) months from the Effective Date regardless of the number Filled Application Forms delivered to ebix. About will make commercially reasonable efforts to achieve that number in twelve (12) months or less from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end three (3) years from the date the Co-Branded Application becomes accessible to Excite@Home Members ("Launch Date").
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the date above, and shall continue for a term of one (1) year
Term shall mean the Effective Date through June 15, 2001 and any Renewal Term (as defined in paragraph 7.4 herein.)
INITIAL TERM shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the second anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11.
Initial Term shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the fourth anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8
This Agreement shall be effective upon the ------------------- Effective Date and shall remain in force for a period of one (1) year, and shall be automatically renewed for successive periods of one (1) year unless otherwise terminated as provided herein.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in force for three years from the Launch Date (the "Initial Term") unless earlier
"Launch Date" means the first date on which the Service is made publicly available.<omitted>This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date and will continue in effect for 2 years following the Launch Date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall ----------------------- commence on the Effective Date and end on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the date that the Affiliate Registration Form is approved by Chase and will end when terminated by either party.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of five (5) years from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term") after which this Agreement may be extended on mutual agreement of the parties (a "Renewal Term," and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
This Agreement will remain in force for perpetuity or until and unless otherwise mutually agreed or amended in writing by both parties.
The term of this Agreement will begin upon acceptance of Affiliate's Program application and will end when terminated by either party of this Agreement.
This Agreement is entered into for an unlimited period of time.
This Agreement shall be for the term of one year; thereafter, the Agreement shall renew automatically under these same terms and agreements unless superceded by future agreements.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until either Party informs the other Party with thirty (30) day prior written notice of termination of this Agreement.
The "Initial Term" shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire on March 31, 2011.
The term ("Term") of this Agreement shall be for one hundred eighty days (180) from the date set forth below unless Network 1 or Visa or MasterCard or Harris Bank doesn't approve Affiliate's ISO application, in which case, the Term will be 3 years.
Unless sooner terminated under the provisions hereof, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of one (1) year ("Term"). provided however, that the Parties may extend the Term for an additional year period by entering into an written addendum of the Agreement extending such term.
"CONTRACT PERIOD" means that period of time commencing upon the full execution of this Agreement by both Parties and terminating on May 31, 2016 unless sooner terminated under this Agreement.
All terms of this Agreement will automatically commence on November 1st, 2017, and expire on November 2nd, 2020.
"Term" means: 1.5t January 2013 to 315t December 2013 or until terminated under the provisions of this Agreement or the Primary Agreement.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time from February 21, 2011 through December 31, 2012.
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and ending on February 19, 2013 ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for two years from the date hereof, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (A) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund and (B) the vote of a majority of the Fund's directors who are not parties to this Agreement or "interested persons" (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Fund Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the Investment Fund Act.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this ARTICLE 13, shall remain in effect on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the expiration of the Royalty Term applicable to such Product and country (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect until the expiration of the Sublicense Agreement, unless earlier termination by pursuant to the terms of this Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4 of this Agreement, will continue until the expiration of the Warranty Period as defined in subsection 9(a) of this Agreement.
Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, the Parties' respective rights and obligations under this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force for ten (10) years after the First Commercial Sale of the first Licensed Product, and shall thereafter automatically renew for an unlimited period of time unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Section 15.2.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein, unless earlier terminated by either party, this Agreement shall expire on ______, 20___, and all rights of Developer herein shall cease and all unapplied or unused Development Fees paid pursuant to Section 3 hereof shall be forfeited to Franchisor.
Unless terminated pursuant to Section 10 or 11 below, it shall expire upon the earlier of the date specified in Exhibit "B" or upon the opening of the last El Pollo Loco® Restaurant listed in the Development Schedule.
Dr. Murray's obligations set out herein shall be performed from the Effective Date until December 31, 2018 (the initial "Services Term").
Except as otherwise stated herein as pertaining only to a Services Term, this Agreement shall remain in effect for ten years, unless terminated in accordance with Sections 6.1 (a) or 6.2(b).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance herewith, shall continue in force and effect until (a) the date of expiration of the last Royalty Term for the last Licensed Product, or (b) the expiration of the License Option Period and the failure of AbbVie to exercise the License Option (such period, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") will begin on the date this Agreement is signed by the last signatory ("Effective Date") and remain in effect for [***]; provided, however, that the terms of this Agreement shall remain applicable to any SOW that was executed by the Parties prior to the expiration or termination of this Agreement but whose period of performance extends beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue thereafter for a period of twelve (12) months (the "Initial Term").
The Term shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of five (5) years.
The term "Term" shall mean an initial term of five years, automatically renewable thereafter for successive 5-year terms unless either party provides prior written notice of termination not less than 90 days prior to the end of such five-year term; provided, however, T&B shall have the right to terminate the license after the first year of the Term if LEA does not conduct the Business so as to meet the Cash Sales benchmarks set by the parties for years two through five of the Term, as set forth in Section 3.3, below.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless the Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will come into effect on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force for ten (10) years from the Launch (the "Initial Term"), or the date of expiry of the last valid patent of the Licensed Product, whichever comes later, subject to clauses 19.2, 19.3, 19.4 and 19.5 hereunder
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will commence on the Effective Date and will expire upon the earliest of (i) termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 14.2, or (ii) the date of payment of the last Approval Payment due based on all applicable Regulatory Approvals which have been received.
The term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article XII, shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration of Sanofi's payment obligations under Article IX or the Profit/Loss Share Agreement, whichever is later (the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 14 hereof (the "Term").
This Agreement commences on the date it is executed and shall continue until full performance by both parties, or until earlier terminated by one party under the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will be for the maximum period of six (6) months beginning for the commencement date, renewable in accordance with the terms hereof, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.
This Agreement will be in effect for three (3) years from the Effective Date ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Unless otherwise stated in the Appendix the term of this letter Agreement shall continue for twenty-four (24) months with the effective date unless terminated sooner or extended pursuant to the terms hereof ("Initial Term")
Contract end: 04-01-08
The initial term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and end twelve (12) months after the Launch (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b).
This Agreement and the provisions hereof, except as otherwise provided, shall be in full force and effect commencing on the date of execution by both Parties and shall extend for an initial term of two (2) years.
This Agreement will become effective as of the last date of signature (Effective Date) and shall, unless sooner terminated as provided below or as otherwise agreed, remain effective for an initial term of 10 Years following the first date of public availability of the PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Content within a THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION Property (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the date on which it is signed and affixed with the corporate seals by the authorized representative of each Party and have a term of five (5) years commencing as of the effective date hereof.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, except as set forth in Subsection (ii), continue in full force and effect through the Delivery Period.
This agreement will be in effect until the end of 2006 and will be evaluated at that time.
This Agreement shall take effect from the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect for twenty (20) years thereafter, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Clause 8.
Expiration Date: August 31, 2006
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on the Expiration Date set forth above (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 3(b).
The Term of the Agreement is hereby extended to January 20, 2012 unless sooner terminated as provided for in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be in effect until March 18. 2021, unless sooner terminated by either party upon (30) days written notice, without cause.
This contract shall remain in effect initially for the five (5) year term ("Initial Term") from the date signed and shall be automatically extended for one (1) year periods after the Initial Term ("Renewal Term") unless (i) either party provides written notice of its intention not to renew the Agreement within 180 days prior to any Renewal Term; or (ii) this Agreement is otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms of this Section 12.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate in _____________, on _____________, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement may be renewed for successive one (1) year periods if STAAR and Distributor expressly agree in writing and in their sole discretion to renew this Agreement prior to the foregoing termination date or any successive renewal term.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until September 1, 2045, unless earlier terminated by either Party pursuant to this Article 12 (the "Term").
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, all rights and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect for a period of eighteen (18) months after the initial theatrical release of that Property.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, including Robots, Kingdom of Heaven, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, In Her Shoes, Idiocracy (Oww My Balls) and Ice Age II, all right and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect until March 31, 2008."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Term") is the Effective Date through March 15, 2022.
This Agreement expires ten (10) years from the Agreement Date (the "Term"), unless it is terminated sooner as provided in other sections of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided under this Agreement, shall terminate five (5) years following the date of launch of the first Website, but in no event later than February 28, 2013 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue thereafter for a period of two (2) years, unless extended by written agreement of both parties or sooner terminated as set forth below.
This Agreement and the license granted herein shall remain effective until terminated.
Unless otherwise provided herein, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue through the completion or termination of Developer's services and work product as mutually agreed upon between the Parties (the Project).
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Commencement Date and will continue through December 31, 2022 or until this Agreement is otherwise terminated in accordance with its provisions ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate automatically without notice on December 31, 2022, unless the Parties agree in writing to extend the term of the Agreement (the initial term and any renewal terms are referred to collectively herein as the "Term").
This Second Amendment shall be effective from The Second Amendment Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2021.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue for a period of three (3) years therefrom (the "Term").
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue until termination as provided below.
This Agreement is for a term (the "Term") of 12 months from the Effective Date on June 1s t 2020 and expiring May 31st 2021.
This Agreement shall be in full force and effect commencing on January 2, 2020 and shall remain in effect for one (1) year or until Consultant completes the services requested
The term of this Agreement shall commence on January 10th, 2019 and shall expire on the day that is twenty-four (24) months from that date (the "Term of Engagement") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Term: twelve (12) months from the date of the Agreement which term shall automatically renew for an additional twelve (12) months on such date if the Agreement is not otherwise terminated according to Section 8 of the Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be the sooner of six (6) months from the Effective Date, or replacement of this Agreement with a subsequent agreement between the Parties.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the four-year anniversary of the Effective Date (such period, as it may be extended, either by the mutual written agreement of the parties or automatically, or earlier terminated being referred to as the "Consultation Period"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4, and shall automatically renew for successive one-year periods, unless the Company provides 90 days' notice of termination before any such successive period.
The term of this Agreement is for a period of five (5) years (the "Term") commencing on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the termination provisions of this Agreement, ending on January 31, 2025.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall expire twenty (20) years from the effective date of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
The term of this Agreement for the Hosted Site shall commence upon April 1, 1999 and shall continue for a period of six (6) months, unless earlier terminated in accordance with provisions hereof.
This Agreement shall continue in effect from the Effective Date for a one (1) year period, unless earlier terminated as set forth below, and thereafter shall renew automatically for successive one (1) year periods unless either party gives the other party at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of its intent not to renew the Agreement.
The effective term is 12 months beginning March 1, 2005 and ending February 28, 2006.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a period of 12 months thereafter (the "Period") in full force and effect until it is terminated in accordance with this Section 3.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated under this Article, shall continue in effect until the Conversion Date (the "Term"); provided that, with respect to any LMG Tools identified in Exhibit A as having a license term beyond the Conversion Date, TAG's License to, and LMG's obligation to provide LMG Services for, such LMG Tools shall survive for the period specified in Exhibit A.
The term of this Agreement is for ten (10) years commencing on the date of this Agreement, unless terminated as provided by this Agreement.
The obligations of the Agent pursuant to this Agreement shall terminate upon termination of the Offering, but in no event later than 45 days after the completion of the Subscription Offering (the "End Date").
The initial term of this Agreement is one (1) year from the date of delivery of the Product to Licensee unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
1 April 2009
The maintenance is for a period of one (1) year commencing upon expiration of the initial one (1) year term of the License/Services Schedule.
XIMAGE's obligations hereunder shall become effective upon the "Effective Date" and, unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall remain in full force and effect for at least one year thereafter.
This Agreement be deemed effective as of the Effective Date, Agreement and shall terminate on December 31, 2020, unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 3.2.
This Agreement shall continue in force until the earlier to occur of (i) the Owner no longer owns any Receivables or Participation Interests, and (ii) subject to Section 7(d), the delivery of written notice of termination by the Owner to the Servicer pursuant to Section 7(c), in each case upon which event this Agreement shall automatically terminate unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Servicer and the Owner.
Agent's appointment hereunder shall commence on the next business day after the later of (i) the date hereof, or (ii) the date Agent has confirmed that Client's records have been converted to Agent's system (the "Effective Date"), and shall continue for three years thereafter (the "Initial Term").
In relation to each Fund, this Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (a) the expiration of the term of such Fund or (b) the date, if any, on which Oaktree US (or any affiliate it has substituted in its stead in accordance with such Fund's Fund Agreement) is removed as general partner of such Fund or (c) the Sub-Advisor ceasing to be authorised and regulated by the FCA.
This Agreement shall take effect on the date of signature of the Agreement by both parties and shall terminate when all obligations required of both parties hereunder are performed unless either terminated earlier or extended by the parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement subject to clause 4.0.
At any time that there is no uncompleted Statement of Work outstanding, either party may terminate this Agreement for any or no reason upon fifteen (15) days advance notice to the other.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof and shall continue until terminated by either party pursuant to Paragraph 6 hereof.
The term of this Services Agreement shall begin on the date of execution and shall continue in effect for a period of two years.
Subject to the provisions for termination hereinafter provided, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a minimum period of 12 months (the "Minimum Period") and thereafter upon the mutual agreement of the Company and Maimon (the "Service Term").
This Agreement shall terminate (a) at the option of any party, upon 90 days' advance written notice to the other parties hereto; or (b) in the event of a material breach that has not been cured within ten days following a written notice of breach to the breaching party.
This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by the Parties.
The Appointment may be terminated by either party giving the other at least 12 months' notice in writing.
Your employment shall commence on 26 September 2019 and shall continue unless and until either party gives notice to the other in accordance with paragraph 11 below.
This Agreement shall terminate immediately and automatically upon the termination of Company's Participation Agreement(s) with the Funds, and in such event no notice need be given hereunder.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
"Service Period" means April. 1st 2019 through to March 30, 2020<omitted>The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
Subject to earlier termination as provided below, this Service Agreement is for the total duration of the Company's Offering (the "Initial Term") unless either party requests termination at least 30 days prior to the end of the then-current term.
The Executive's employment with the Company will commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue, subject to the remaining terms of this Agreement, until terminated by either party giving the other the following minimum advance written notice: 2.1.1 6 weeks' notice; 2.1.2 such other longer period as required by law.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the day and year first above written and shall govern the relations between the parties hereto thereafter, unless terminated as set forth in this Section 6.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year, commencing January 1, 2008 and ending on December 31, 2008.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate at the end of the Exclusivity Period (i.e., a three (3) year period commencing on the Effective Date).
Subject to the provisions of Section 14 hereof, the term of this Agreement and the sponsorship described herein shall commence on January 1, 2010 and extend through December 31, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be four (4) Processing Years commencing on the Effective Date of this Agreement and ending on June 30, 2010 unless
This Agreement shall automatically terminate at and as of (the first to occur of): (a) 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on the 30th day after the Effective Date (if Purchaser has not commenced the Offer, with the unanimous consent of the Sponsors, by then); (b) the expiration of the Offer (if the Offer is not consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), subject to any extension or subsequent offering period; and (c) the expiration of the Interim Period (if the Offer is consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), in any case, unless sooner terminated by unanimous written consent of the Participating Sponsors; provided, however, that any liability for failure to comply with this Agreement shall survive any such termination.
Unless otherwise terminated as specified in this Section 12, the ---- term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and will not end until the later of (a) twelve (12) months from the Launch Date; or (2) the date Intuit displays a total of 176,717,916 Impressions in accordance with the terms set forth herein ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the "Effective Date" and shall continue for ten (10) Contract Years, unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 6 of this Agreement or extended by renewal by written agreement of the Parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 13(o) of this Agreement (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided for herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence as of the date hereof and shall terminate at the end of the Season which is scheduled to end on October 12, 2002 (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and conclude on October 31, 2010, unless renewed by agreement or sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
If the Launch Date has not occurred by August 31, 1999, Sponsor shall, in its sole discretion, be entitled to terminate this Agreement without any liability and receive a full refund of all amounts paid by Sponsor to drkoop.com pursuant to this Agreement prior to the date of such termination.
The initial term (the "Initial Term"; and together with all extensions and renewals, the "Term") will begin on the date set forth above * * * (the "Launch Date") on which: (i) each of the Sponsor Areas of the drkoop.com Website are operational in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (other than the e-commerce tile placements); and (ii) the links to the<omitted>Sponsor Website or Vitamin Buzz contained in the Sponsor logos or the Sponsor banner advertisements are established in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, subject to earlier termination as set forth in this Agreement.
In the event that Excite has not delivered XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX clickthroughs to the Client Site by the end of twelve (12) months after the Launch Date, the first year of the term of the Agreement will be extended without additional sponsorship and advertising fees for up to an additional four (4) months.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not end until Excite displays of a total of XXXXXXXXXXXXX impressions of Client's advertising banners and promotional placements on the Excite Site and Excite has made reasonable commercial efforts to deliver, at minimum, a goal of XXXXXXXX clickthroughs to the Client Site.
Regardless of Excite's actual delivery of impressions and clickthroughs, the term of this Agreement will not be shorter than two (2) years after the display of the first of Client's advertising banners and promotional placements, subject to the termination rights set forth below.
The initial production period shall be for a period of two (2) months to commence on November 4, 1998 (the "Production Period"), and the remaining term of this Agreement shall be for a period of twenty four (24) months to commence on the tentative launch date of January 4, 1999, unless terminated earlier as provided herein (the "Promotion Period"), (The Production Period and the Promotion Period shall be collectively referred to as the "Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and, unless terminated as provided herein, shall continue through November 30, 1998.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on July 19, 1999 and shall ---- thereafter continue until all above described Sponsor benefits are completed, but in no event beyond the end of the 1999 season (the "Term").
If Hydron does not timely exercise its right to terminate this Agreement, then Hydron agrees that this Agreement shall continue for the entire four (4) year term unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end on the second (2nd) anniversary of the Commencement Date.
Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall take effect on December 1st, 2015 and shall expire on November 30, 2016.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the specific terms of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not end until Excite displays a total of [*****] impressions of the Client advertising banners and promotional placements on the Excite Network as described in this Agreement and pushes [*****] emails using the email vehicles specified in Exhibit B
The services described herein to be provided by Agency shall begin upon execution and delivery of the Outsourcing Agreement and shall continue until termination of Contractor's activities to administer the Notes thereunder.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the date first set forth above, and shall continue in full force and effect until terminated as provided below.
The initial term ("Initial Term") of this Agreement shall be for one year commencing on the 1st day of May, 2006 ("Effective Date").
This agreement shall commence on January 20, 2014 (the "Effective Date") and shall continue in effect for six (6) months (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of the contracted agreement is 5 years from the commencement date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and extend for three (3) years thereafter ("INITIAL TERM"), with an automatic renewal for an indefinite period of time ("EXTENDED TERM"), unless terminated by the parties according to Sections 16.2. or 16.3. herein.
The term of this Agreement will commence on January 1, 1998 (the "Effective Date") and will end on December 31, 1998.
"Term" shall mean the period commencing on the Effective Date and terminating on the eighth anniversary of the Commencement Date, unless the Agreement is extended in accordance with its provisions.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on November 30, 2014 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall be valid for an indefinite period.
This Attachment and its Product Attachments shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in Section 5.0 of the Base Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in Section 5.0.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms hereof, the term of this Agreement shall end on the seventh anniversary of the date hereof.
This Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement will be for two (2) year(s) commencing on the Effective Date.
This Agreement is effective as of August 1, 2004, (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate on July 31, 2009, (the "Termination Date") unless earlier terminated or extended as provided for herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date unless sooner terminated pursuant to the termination provisions herein.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of 1 year after the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated as set forth herein (the "TERM").
This Amendment shall enter into force on the date of its signature by both Parties and, unless otherwise agreed upon in writing by the Parties through a subsequent amendment to the GMA, shall remain in force for the term of the referenced GMA.
The Agreement shall end on the End Date without any further action, unless otherwise provided under this Agreement.
"End Date" means the date on which this Agreement is terminated or expires, and shall be the earlier to occur of the following, as appropriate: (i) the end of the Initial Term as defined in Clause 3.1of this Agreement; or, (ii) the end of the term of each annual renewal of this Agreement as per Clause 3.2 of this Agreement; or, (iii) the date on which all or part of this Agreement is terminated as per Clause 16 ("Termination");
The Agreement enters into force on the Signing Date; it will have a duration of [*****] as from the Start Date (the "Initial Term").
The first paid (Initial) Maintenance Term shall commence upon expiration of the Warranty Period and shall continue for twelve (12) months thereafter.
This Agreement shall apply and remain in effect from the Effective Date and perpetually thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the Section entitled "Termination."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the date that payment is due for Minimum Payment Period 7, pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof and as set forth in Attachment B hereof, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
This Agreement shall come into force on the Effective Date and shall remain in force and effect for a period of [Redacted - Commercially Sensitive - Term Details] , unless this Agreement is extended or previously terminated in accordance with this clause 12, pursuant to clause 15.1 (Force Majeure), or (ii) by the mutual written consent of the Parties (the "Term").
The Agreement shall have an initial term of ten (10) years commencing from the Effective Date and ending on the tenth (10th) anniversary thereof (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of Section 15.2 or Section 15.3.
The "Term" shall begin on the date hereof and shall expire December 31, 2023, subject to early termination pursuant to the terms of Section 19. Flotek, may, by written notice given to FCC on or before September 30, 2023, elect for the Term to be extended to December 31, 2024.
TERM OF EXECUTION From January 30, 2012 until July 29, 2012
Subject to the General Terms and Conditions of Transporter's FERC Gas Tariff and Rate Schedule FTS/ITS, this Agreement shall be effective as of the date of physical completion of and initial deliveries on Transporter's pipeline and shall continue for a primary term of ten years.
This Agreement shall be effective from the date first above written and shall continue indefinitely until terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
The Agreement shall continue through the project's in-service date and for a period of fifteen (15) years after the project's in-service date ("Initial Term").
"Initial Term" means the period commencing on the Effective Date and concluding on the last day of the month in which the fifth anniversary of the Offtake Agreement Effective Date falls.
"Offtake Agreement" means that certain Crude Oil Sale and Purchase Agreement between the Principal and STASCO dated 1 November 1999.
This contract shall be effective as of November 1, 2002, and shall remain in force and effect, unless modified as per Exhibit B, until October 31, 2012.
"Royalty Term" means, with respect to sales of a Product in the Territory, the time period beginning on the First Commercial Sale of such Product in the Territory and expiring on the latest of the following dates: (a) *** (b) *** (c) ***<omitted>Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall continue in effect until the expiration of the Royalty Term as defined in Section 1.87 ("Term"), and thereafter Green Cross has no remaining payment obligations with respect to the Products pursuant to Section 8.5 above and MacroGenics shall have no further obligations hereunder.
The term of the agreement is 20 years, during which if any main equipment of any Party stops operation due to technical problem or at the end of its life cycle, the agreement shall be automatically terminated.
This Agreement shall come into force as of January 1, 2013 and remain valid for 1 year.
As of the effective date hereof, the original cooperation of mobile game business executed between the Parties shall terminate automatically.
Party A and Party B agree and confirm that the term of cooperation under this Agreement shall commence from the execution date hereof and end on the expiration date of the operation term of Party B ("Term of Cooperation").
Unless this Agreement is early terminated in accordance with this Agreement or other agreements signed by the Parties hereof, the term of the validity of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date.
"Intended End of Term" means the later of (a) the seventh (7th) anniversary of the Effective Date and (b) the date determined to be the "Intended End of Term" under Section 7.2.2(d) (Effects of Tolling).<omitted>This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms, including by Ginkgo pursuant to Section 7.3 (Buy-Down Election) or extended by the mutual written agreement of the Parties, shall continue until the Intended End of Term (such time period, as may be extended pursuant to this Section 13.3.1 (Term - General), the "Term"); provided that, if,<omitted>at the expiration of the Intended End of Term, Ginkgo has paid the Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitment, but will not have paid to BLI the Full Purchase Target, then the Term of this Agreement shall automatically extend for an additional [***] ([***]) year period from the date of the expiration of the then-Intended End of Term so that, among other things, BLI may potentially receive the benefit of the Full Purchase Target and Ginkgo may receive the continuing benefit of royalty-free licenses.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial term of three (3) years from the Promotion Commencement Date, divided into three one-year periods.
Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall commence effective June 1, 1998, and shall continue for a term of three (3) years expiring May 31, 2001 (the "Term").
"Term" means the earlier of: (a) the end of the two year period from the Effective Date to 31 July 2013; or (b) the last day of the calendar month within which the Maximum Distribution Commitment is reached.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as set out in this Agreement, shall continue for the Term.
This promotion shall begin on June 1,1999 and shall terminate June 1, 2000 (herein "Term")
The Joint Venture shall commence on the 1st of March, 2003, and shall be effective until February 28, 2004 unless extended by written agreement of the Joint Venturers not less than thirty (30) days prior to scheduled termination.
Except as otherwise provided herein, the term of this Agreement is three (3) years from the Execution Date ("Cooperation Period").
The term of this Agreement is twelve (12) months from the date hereof, and will be automatically renewed for one (1) additional twelve month period unless either party shall notify the other in writing of its intention not to renew.
This Agreement is effective as of the date hereof and shall remain in full force and effect for the period (the "Covered Period") commencing on the date hereof and ending on the date that is the earliest of: (i) the Company's failure to appoint the ValueAct Designee to the Board following the ValueAct Group's written request to the Company to have the ValueAct Designee appointed to the Board pursuant to Section 1(a) of this Agreement; (ii) the failure of the Company to comply in good faith with Section 1(e) of this Agreement; or (iii) the date which is the 60t h day prior to the Company's 2016 annual meeting of stockholders.
This Agreement shall take effect as of the Effective Date and shall expire upon completion of the Project as set forth in the Project Plan and after payment of all payments due and payable according to this Agreement, unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
"Expiration Date" means March 31, 2020.
The Joint Venture is a fixed term Joint Venture beginning November 27, 2018 and ending November 30th, 2019 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on February 1, 1998 and end on the first anniversary of the date of this Agreement; provided that (a) either party may terminate this Agreement, effective at any time after the first three months of the Term, by giving 30 days' written notice of termination to the other party, and (b) either party may terminate this Agreement at any time by giving written notice of termination to the other party, if the other party commits a material breach of its obligations hereunder that is not cured within 30 days after notice thereof from the non-breaching party.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue, unless terminated sooner in accordance with this Article VIII, until June 27, 2011 (the "Term").
This Agreement shall continue until terminated as provided herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated under the terms of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the Services to be provided with respect to any Account which is registered as an investment company under the 1940 Act (herein referred to as a "registered investment company") are services referred to in the definition of "investment advisor" under Section 202(a)(11) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (herein referred to as "investment advisory services"), then with respect to such Account, this Agreement: (i) shall not commence until the effective date of its approval by the board of directors or trustees ("Board") of such Account; (ii) shall continue from year to year thereafter, subject to the provisions for termination and all other terms and conditions hereof, only if such continuation shall be specifically approved at least annually by a majority of the Board, including a majority of the members of the Board who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons of any such party (other than as members of the Board) cast in person at a meeting called for that purpose; (iii) may be terminated at any time without the payment of any penalty by the Board or by a vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities (as defined in Section 2(a)(42) of the 1940 Act) of the Account on 60 days' written notice to the Adviser; (iv) shall automatically terminate in the event of (A) its assignment (as defined in the 1940 Act) or (B) termination of the Advisory Agreement for any reason whatsoever.
Subject to the remaining provisions of this Section, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the effective date first above written and shall continue until terminated by mutual agreement of the parties hereto or by either party on not less than 60 days' written notice to the other party hereto.
This Limited Power of Attorney shall be revoked and terminated automatically upon the cancellation or termination of the Services Agreement or as to any Fund upon the cancellation or termination of the Adviser's Investment Advisory Contract for such Fund.
Unless otherwise mutually agreed to by the Parties, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end upon expiration of the Term, unless terminated early as contemplated hereunder.
"Term" means, on a Country-by-Country and Collaboration Product-by-Collaboration Product basis, the period from the Effective Date until the later of (a) the expiration or termination of the last Valid Claim of a Patent Right covering the Pooled Compound in such Collaboration Product in such Country, and (b) fifteen (15) years from First Commercial Sale in such Country, unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with Article 14.
The term of the CDx Development Program shall be five (5) years.
The term for Database Insights under Section 3.1.8 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Database Insights Term").
The term "Agreement Term" shall mean the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is terminated sooner as provided in Article 17, expiring on the date when all work has been completed or terminated under all R&D Plans.
The initial term of the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program will be five (5) years beginning on the Effective Date.
The term for Sample Profiling set forth in Section 3.1.4 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Profiling Term").
This Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue for the Agreement Term.
The initial term of the ctDNA Platform Development Program will be twelve (12) months.
The initial term of this Agreement shall, unless sooner terminated by consent of all parties, expires in five (5) years from the date of Effective Date.
The Contract Term shall extend for a period of fifty (50) years.
This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date, and will continue until the expiration of the "Sales Term" as that term is defined in the Sales Dealer Agreement dated as of August 16, 2017 between Vivint and Vivint Solar Developer, LLC (the "Term")."
The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years, subject to the prior termination rights provided below.
Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, this Agreement continues in effect for an initial term of seven (7) years ("Initial Term") and will automatically renew for one or more annual periods after the Initial Term (each a "Renewal Term") unless either party gives notice of non-renewal at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the beginning of any Renewal Term.
The duration of this Venture (the "Term") will begin on March 1, 2020 and continue in full force and effect until February 28, 2025 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
This Amendment shall only become effective upon the VNBJ Closing with respect to Article 1.1 and the VNBZ Closing with respect to Article 1.2, and shall terminate without any force or effect in the event that the VNBJ SPA and the VNBZ SPA are terminated in accordance with the terms thereof.
This JV Agreement shall become effective on the signing date and shall have a duration of * years, extendable for a further * years, unless notice of non- renewal is sent one year before the natural expiry date.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of execution and shall continue in force and effect for an indefinite term thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the provisions of Article 16 or by all the Parties in writing.
This agreement shall terminate: a. Automatically if any public authority cancels or declines to renew the Agency's license or Certificate of Authority. b. Immediately if either party gives detailed written notice to the other of alleged gross and willful misconduct, fraud or material misrepresentation.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date hereof and shall terminate upon the termination of the Offering.
This Agreement will become effective as of the date first written above and will continue in effect thereafter until terminated pursuant to Paragraph 4.2 below.
This Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years commencing upon the Effective Date hereof unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement (the "Initial Term").
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the later to occur of the date that is (x) three (3) years from the date hereof and (y) the date on which an affiliate of Freedom Mortgage is not acting as the external manager of Cherry Hill.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years following the Effective Date or until the Studies are completed, whichever is later, unless extended or unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof.
Term: This Study Order will continue until the Study is completed, which is expected to be ________ (__) months after the Effective Date, or until terminated early as provided in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the date first set forth above and, shall expire on the later of (i) five (5) years from the date hereof, or (ii) with respect to any projects identified in any contract for which VET TECH is billing the client directly, upon the completion of COOL TECH's Services and receipt of payment by COOL TECH from VET TECH for said services.
Unless terminated sooner, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years thereafter (the "Initial Term") and shall automatically renew for additional one (1) year terms on the terms and conditions set forth herein (each a "Renewal Term" and collectively, the "Term") unless either party gives the other Party Notice of its intention to terminate this Agreement ninety (90) days before the end of the Initial Term or Renewal Term, if any.
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this ---- Agreement shall terminate on the later of (i) the third anniversary of the Effective Date or (ii) the date on which ETI ceases to be a Subsidiary of NTL.
THIS STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), made effective this 17t h day of February 2016, through February 16, 2019 (the "Initial Term") i
Either party may terminate this agreement after 3 years following the effective date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall remain in effect for a period of 5 years ("Initial Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years from the date of execution and may be extended subject to satisfactory agreement on ongoing commercial terms, to be agreed two (2) months prior to the expiration of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until the later of (a) the fourth (4th) anniversary of the Effective Date, or (b) the completion or termination of the Research and receipt by LBIO of all deliverables due from MD Anderson hereunder, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.2 or Section 9.14.
This Agreement is effective on the Effective Date and shah continue in effect until the earlier of (a) the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date, and (b) termination by either Party for any reason upon thirty (30) days' written notice to the other Party; provided, however, that no Party shall be able to terminate this Agreement so long as such Party is a Defaulting Party under this Agreement.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until it is terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 15 of this Agreement ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and will continue in effect until five (5) year(s) from such date (the "Initial Term") unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 25.
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Initial Term") will be ten (10) years from the Effective Date, provided that at any time following the 7th anniversary of such date, either party may terminate such strategic alliance upon not less than 60 days' prior written notice to the other party.
The rights and obligations of the Farids Group set forth in this Article VI (other than those set forth in Sections 6.8 and 6.9) shall terminate on the date that the Farids Group owns less than 3% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock, but in no event earlier than the Expiration Date (as defined in the Warrant).
The term of this Agreement is twenty-four (24) months.
This Agreement shall be for an initial term of five (5) years, and unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall automatically renew for an additional term of five (5) years thereafter.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for a term of ten (10) years, unless previously terminated in accordance with Clause 15 (Termination).
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of two (2) years ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 11 of this Agreement.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 4.2 or 4.3, this Agreement will be in effect from the Effective Date until completion of the Research Program.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of three (3) years after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement is effective on the day of May 1, 2013 and the effective term is the same as the Cooperation Ter
The Cooperation Term of the parties shall be two years from May 1, 2013 to April 30, 2015.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, (i) that this Section 8 shall survive any such termination and (ii) no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, shall continue in full force and effect until terminated pursuant to this Article 18.
This Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of: (i) the conclusion of the Standstill Period or (ii) delivery of written notice by one Party to the other Party of a material breach of this Agreement by the breaching Party that is uncured after ten (10) calendar days of notice of such breach.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement will be effective as of the date of its execution, and term of the Cooperation will be four years from the date on which the channel is uploaded.<omitted>The channel is expected to be uploaded on August 1, 201
Unless otherwise mutual agreed between the Parties, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the earlier of the below events occur: (a) The fifth (5t h) anniversary of this Agreement; and (b) Otkritie ceasing to own more than 2,237,216 class B shares or American depositary shares of QIWI.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period in accordance with Section 4, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
Subject to the other provisions contained herein, this AGREEMENT shall be for a term of thirty (30) years from the Effective Date, which shall automatically renew from year-to-year thereafter unless terminated by a Party upon sixty (60) days' written notice after the end of the term.
The term of this Agreement shall be fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the following provisions of this Article:
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this IP Agreement shall extend until the last date of expiration of the SRAM Intellectual Property rights licensed under this IP Agreement.
The term of this Agreement is five (5) years unless the early termination in accordance with this Agreement.
The provisions of this Agreement, including the license rights provided in this Article III, shall not be terminable or revocable for any reason.
The term of this IP Agreement shall be from the Effective Date until all of the Intellectual Property licensed hereunder is in the public domain (provided, however, that in such event the representations and warranties in Article III shall survive (and terminate) in accordance with the Acquisition Agreement) or this IP Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 4.3.
This Agreement shall remain in effect for sixty (60) months from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
Unless otherwise agreed in writing by Accuray and Distributor and subject to the termination rights contained in this Agreement, this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until the termination of the Strategic Alliance Agreement; provided, however, that if a Termination Election relating to this Agreement is made pursuant to Section 10.3 of the Strategic Alliance Agreement prior to such termination, this Agreement shall terminate 36 months after such Termination Election (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement shall terminate on May 31, 2015, unless sooner terminated.
As provided for in this Section 1, the term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years, beginning on the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"); provided, however, the Initial Term shall be subject to automatic successive renewal terms of three (3) years each (the "Renewal Terms" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
The terms of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date and will be automatically renewed on each anniversary of the effective date, for a renewal term of one year unless either party provides written notification of its intention not to renew this Agreement at least one month prior to the expiration of the initial or any renewal terms.
Distributor's appointment is for a term of one year from the Effective Date, renewable automatically unless terminated under Section 18
The Term will commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and will remain in effect, unless sooner terminated under paragraphs 5.2, 5.3, or 5.4, until the termination date specified in Exhibit A.
September 30, 1997
This Agreement shall have an initial term of one (1) year from the date first above written (the "Initial Term"), and shall thereafter automatically renew for successive two (2) year periods (each a "Renewal Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement shall be two (2) years from the Effective Date with automatic annual renewals thereafter provided either party does not provide sixty (60) days notice of termination prior to the renewal date or the Agreement is not otherwise terminated as set forth in Section 8.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) calendar years from the Agreement date.
The term of this Agreement shall be ten (10) years (the "Term") which shall commence on the date upon which the Company delivers to Distributor the last Sample, as defined hereinafter.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date first above written and shall terminate on 31 December 2006, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years from the date first set forth above and shall thereafter automatically renew for additional two (2) year terms unless a party provides the other party with notice of non-renewal no less than 6 months prior to the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term unless earlier terminated as follows
April 15, 2000 through October 15, 2000 (6 Months from the Effective Date)
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) years from the Effective Date and shall thereafter be automatically renewed for subsequent one (1) year periods unless either party notifies the other in writing of its election not to renew the Agreement at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the expiration of the then-current term.
Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until terminated by either Party upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice.
This contract shall be for a term of one year commencing on the date first above written; thereafter, it shall automatically continue until terminated by either party upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for 3 years (the "Initial Term") commencing on the date first set forth above (the "Commencement Date") and ending on the 3rd anniversary of the Commencement Date.
The Term of this Agreement shall be for a period of [* ****] years and [*****] months commencing the 1st day of September 2004 and terminating the [*****] day of [*****].
The term of the license hereby granted shall commence August 1, 1995 and continue until January 30, 2000, unless sooner terminated in the manner provided in the immediately succeeding sentence or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
Unless otherwise provided for in this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall be three years, commencing on the date of this Agreement and expiring on the third anniversary date of this Agreement (the "Termination Date").
The COMPANY agrees to a one year engagement to contract the CELEBRITY to speak at the company meetings and seminars along with endorsement of the Company products.
Notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement shall terminate upon the Trust's payment to the Company of the sum of the aggregate amount of the premiums paid under the Policy since inception (which amount includes the outstanding principal balance of the Demand Note).
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing on January 1, 2000 and concluding December 31, 2003, unless terminated sooner as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall extend from the date of execution hereof through and until _______, unless extended by written agreement of the parties.
The term of this Agreement shall commence January 1, 1996, and shall continue for a period of three (3) years, concluding December 31, 1998.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing as of May 31, 1999 and concluding May 31, 2000.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Article 13, shall continue in full force and effect, on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the Secondary Royalty Term with respect to such Product expires, at which time this Agreement shall expire in its entirety with respect to such Product in such country.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and unless terminated earlier by mutual written agreement of the Parties or pursuant to Section 9.2 (Termination At Will) or Section 9.3 (Termination for Cause) below, the term of this Agreement shall continue in effect until Achaogen ceases development and commercialization of Plazomicin ("Term").
Except as provided in Sections 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, and 6.5, this Agreement shall terminate one (1) year from the Rig Release Date, if such has not been terminated sooner pursuant to the provisions hereof.
The term of this Agreement shall be for 10 years commencing on the date of execution of this Agreement by AIRSOPURE.
The Term shall begin on the Effective Date and will end, without further notice, on the Expiration Date set forth in the Addendum, unless terminated earlier under the terms of this Agreement.<omitted>Expiration Date: at midnight on the last day of the month fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date
The term of this Agreement starts on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is earlier terminated in accordance with its provisions, will expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date.
You must operate the Franchise at a mutually agreeable site (the "Premises") to be identified after the signing of this Agreement, and to use the System and the Marks in the operation of that Franchise, for a term of 10 years (the "Initial Term")
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, this Agreement will expire on _______________________________________.
This Agreement shall be effective as of that date (the "Effective Date") the Site becomes fully operational as set forth in writing and executed by both Parties and shall continue for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date.
This Agreement will be effective beginning on 12:01 a.m., Eastern Time, on the day after the date of last signature to these Base Terms ("Effective Date") and ending on the expiration and/or termination of all Service Option Attachments, unless the Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and will terminate on the third anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreemen
This Agreement will take effect on the Effective Date and remain in effect for a period of 1 year; provided, that Sections 2 and 3 level shall terminate promptly upon (a) any action or omission by Client or any of its customers which constitutes a breach of or default by TrueLink under any System Agreement or Credit Repository Agreement, which breach or default has either not been cured or cannot be cured within the applicable cure period and the consequences of which is that TrueLink will lose material rights it had pursuant to said Agreements or (b) any violations or breach by Client of Sections 8a - 8c.
This agreement shall be for a term of five years from the date of this document.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.
"Term" means the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and continuing thereafter indefinitely until this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 10 below.
Subject to early termination of this Agreement pursuant to Sections 7.2, 7.3 or 7.4, this Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue until the expiration or earlier termination of the Development and License Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid for a period of five (5) years with automatic renewal of one year thereafter until terminated<omitted>by either party with one (1) year written notice prior to the expiration of the initial period or any extension period thereof.
Unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 12.2 below, the initial term of this Agreement shall expire on 31 December 2024 (the "Initial Term") unless the Parties mutually agree in writing any extension to the Initial Term.
This Agreement shall have a term of four (4) years from the effective date first set forth above, and shall automatically renew for additional one year terms unless earlier terminated by either party.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall extend for a period of Five (5) years thereafter ("Initial Term"), unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein or is extended by mutual written agreement of the Parties.
Unless terminated earlier as provided herein, this Agreement shall terminate on the date three (3) years from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement is three years from and including the date of this Agreement (the "Initial Term"), with automatic renewal for additional successive one-year terms (each a "Renewal Term" and together wit the Initial Term, the "Term") unless no later than [* * *] days prior to the end of the Initial Term, or any Renewal Term either party notifies the other that it wishes to terminate this Agreement effective the end of the Initial Term or that Renewal Term, as applicable.
Except as otherwise set forth in Sections 9.2 and 9.3 or Exhibit A hereof, the term of this Agreement shall be eighteen (18) months ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for a period of one year from the date of its execution and from year to year thereafter provided such continuance is specifically approved by a majority of the trustees of the Trust who (i) are not "interested persons" of the Trust or any other party to this Agreement, as defined in the 1940 Act, and (ii) have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of this Agreement ("Non- Interested Trustees").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3 of this Agreement, shall continue until the twentieth (20th) anniversary of the Effective Date; provided, however, (i) Operator shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Owner, if Operator provides a substitute operator acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, who (A) has experience operating similar assets, (B) has the ability to provide at least the same quality of service as Operator, (C) has the financial ability to perform the obligations hereunder, and (D) is ready, willing and able to execute an operation and maintenance agreement substantially similar to this Agreement and acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, and (ii) Owner shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Operator.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 8, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
To the extent not terminated previously by AIG pursuant to the foregoing, this Agreement will terminate automatically one year after the closing of any sale of the Company by AIG, and all provisions hereof will be of no further force and effect.
It shall be effective on 06 October 2000 and shall have a duration of two years.
Subject to termination pursuant to this Agreement, the Non Exclusive license granted by Licensor to Licensee shall be for an initial period of 36 months, commencing from the acceptance date, (the "Initial Period").
This Agreement and the license granted under this Agreement shall remain in effect perpetually as long as fees are paid by Sparkling in accordance with the Fee Schedule and the Agreement is not otherwise terminated in accordance with this Section.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for an initial period of five years until terminated in the manner described in Clause 16 below.
In addition, DCL may terminate this Agreement with effect from the 3rd, 4th or 5th anniversary of the Commencement Date by giving not less than six months notice in writing to SEV
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Services Commencement Date and remain effective for ten (10) years (the "Initial Term") unless terminated in accordance with its terms.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in operation for at least a period of twenty-five (25) years (hereinafter called "Initial Period") after the RFCS Date and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
This Agreement shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of: (i) the date on which the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement equal $5,000,000; (ii) the Release Date (as defined in Section 19) or (iii) payment in full, in cash, of all Obligations and the termination of the Financing Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement is less than $5,000,000 and any payment, or any part thereof, on account of any of the Obligations is invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Agent or the Lenders upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or reorganization of any Borrower or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for any Borrower, or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Article 9.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date and year first above written and shall continue in operation for at least an initial period of twenty-five (25) years following the RFS Date (hereinafter referred to as "initial Period") and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
Subject to the provisions of this AGREEMENT, and with effect from the date when the party signing last in time appends its signature to this agreement ("the effective date"), and enduring in perpetuity unless terminated as provided for elsewhere in this AGREEMENT, SAP AFRICA grants, and TELKOM accepts a non-exclusive, non-transferable licence to USE the SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION and other SAP AFRICA PROPRIETARY INFORMATION at the specified DESIGNATED SITE within the TERRITORY.
The licence granted hereunder shall become effective upon execution of this AGREEMENT by both parties and shall endure indefinitely unless terminated under clause 6. 2.
Upon expiration of that 12 months, MMMW affords the Customer the opportunity of a continuation of support on an annual basis as follows: The Initial Term of this Technical Infrastructure Maintenance Agreement is twelve months, commencing on the Effective Date.
This Agreement commences on the date first above written, and will remain in effect for the period of five (5) years, except as otherwise provided herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 7, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, shall continue for the duration of the Lease, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3.
The initial period of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue until March 31, 2003.
This OMA shall expire upon the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the Effective Date and (ii) the date that all Shares of Stock of the Seller Trusts as set forth on Schedule A hereto have been sold (the "Term").
The Term will be 3 years from Effective Date with an automatic 2 year term extensions unless otherwise advised by one of the Parties.
This Agreement between HEMISPHERX and SCIEN shall be in effect beginning the last date of execution set forth on the signature page to the Agreement (the "Effective Date") to which this Quality Agreement is Exhibit 2 and remain in effect until HEMISPHERX and SCIEN terminate the Agreement or it is superseded by a revised Quality Agreement executed by both parties.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue unless and until terminated as provided herein.
Subject to Article 22.2, this Agreement shall remain in force for an Initial Period of 1 year, which may be renewed by mutual consent for such period as the Parties may agree ("Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement or for any of the following reasons:
This Agreement begins on the Effective Date and shall continue indefinitely unless sooner terminated as provided in this Article 5.
This Agreement shall terminate as to the Remarketing Agent and its obligations hereunder with respect to VRRM-MFP Shares upon the earliest to occur of (a) the effective date of the resignation or removal of such Remarketing Agent pursuant to Section 5(a) and Section 5(b), respectively, (b) the completion of a successful Transition Remarketing on a New Mode Commencement Date in connection with transition to a new Mode, or (c) the date on which no VRRM-MFP Shares are Outstanding.
In addition, the<omitted>obligations of the Remarketing Agents may be terminated by them by notice given to the Company prior to 12:00 noon, New York City time on the Remarketing Settlement Date if, prior to that time, any of the applicable conditions precedent to the obligations of the Remarketing Agents described in Section 5 hereof shall have failed to occur.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to earlier termination in accordance with the provisions of Section 16, shall continue in force for a period being the longer of fifteen (15) years from first Commercial Launch of the Product in the Territory or until the expiration of the last valid claim in the PPI Patents covering the Product in any country of the Territory (the "Initial Term").
In addition, the obligations of the Remarketing Agent hereunder may be terminated by it by notice given to the Company prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date immediately preceding the Commencement Date if, prior to that time, any of the events described in Sections 6(i), (j) or (k) shall have occurred.
This Agreement shall terminate (i) the Business Day immediately following the Remarketing Settlement Date, (ii) at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the last date of the Remarketing if the Remarketing is not successful or (iii) on the effective date of the resignation or removal of the Remarketing Agent and the appointment of a new Remarketing Agent.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Agreement or extended by mutual agreement between the parties, shall continue in effect for thirty six (36) months following the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall be effective on the later of the dates that it is executed by Imprimis and Surgical (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate pursuant to the terms of the SOW (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided in this Agreement, the initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period beginning on the Effective Date and ending ten (10) years thereafter unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall be five years commencing on the Effective Date and ending at the close of business on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement shall commence with the first race ----- of the 1998 Winston Cup season and shall continue until the final race of the year-2000 Winston Cup season.
The term of this Agreement will begin on December 15, 1997 and will end the later of (i) December 15, 1999 or (ii) Excite's delivery of all of the guaranteed Click-throughs described in Section 1(f).
This Agreement shall terminate and, subject to the provisions set forth below, be of no further force or effect on the exercise by the Sponsor of its right to terminate this Agreement as provided in subsection 6.2, provided that, in any event, sections 3, 7 and 8 and, in the event that such termination occurs by virtue of paragraph 6.2(b), subsection 2.5 shall not terminate (except as set forth therein) and shall continue in full force and effect for the benefit of the Sponsor or the other parties to this Agreement, as the case may be.
The term (the "Term") shall commence on November 1, 2007 and end on October 31, 2008 (unless terminated earlier in accordance with the General Provisions).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force and effect until one (1) year subsequent to the Effective Date, provided however, that Tickets may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon thirty (30) days' notice to MP3. com at any time prior to the expiration of sixty (60) days subsequent to the Effective Date.
This term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and terminates on August 2nd, 2015 upon completion of event.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for six (6) months.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue in effect for a period of five (5) years (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions set out herein.
This Agreement shall continue in force for a term of twelve (12) months from the Effective Date, unless terminated earlier under the provisions of this Article 8 (the "Term"); PROVIDED that TouchStar shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time after the Effective Date upon not less than fifteen (15) days' prior written notice to Reseller.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for an Initial Term of five (5) years, and will automatically renew for additional periods of five (5) years unless one Party notifies the other of its intention not to renew, no less than 12 months prior to the expiration of the then-current term, unless terminated as permitted under this Agreement.
This Agreement comes into force as of the Effective Date and shall remain valid during the term of the LSA.
This Supply Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue for a period of [***] unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Supply Agreement.
Unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.2 below, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a FIVE (5) year period.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of its execution and shall remain in force for three years (the "Initial Term").
The term of this Supply Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date first set forth above and shall remain in effect until the later of (a) July 31, 2021 or (b) the date that the Parties enter into the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement and Sutro is supplying to SutroVax each Product under the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement (the "Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with Section 10.2.
The term of this Agreement will commence upon the Effective Date and will continue until the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated or extended under this Article 8 (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of the Services, unless terminated as set out herein, shall continue up to and including 28 February 2000 ("the Initial Term").
This Development Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and continue for four (4) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 10.2, or unless the parties extend the term by mutual written Development Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement will be in effect for one year from the Effective Date and will automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods unless terminated as provided below.
This Agreement shall be effective through and including March 31, 2004.
This Agreement shall be effective until the earlier of (a) its termination in accordance with the provisions of this Article 14 or (b) the date that is two (2) years after the date of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement will renew automatically for successive terms of one (1) year each unless a party to this Agreement delivers written notice of termination to the other party to this Agreement at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the original or any renewal term or the parties to this Agreement do not agree in writing to the Quota Amount referred to in subsection 14.2(b)(1) for any one (1) year renewal term at least sixty (60) days prior to the commencement of such term.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on January 1, 2000 and continue for an initial period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 7 hereof, and may be renewed under Section 8 hereof (the initial period plus any renewal period, the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This agreement shall begin upon the date of its execution by MA and acceptance in writing by Company and shall remain in effect until the end of the current calendar year and shall be automatically renewed for successive one (1) year periods unless otherwise terminated according to the cancellation or termination provisions contained in paragraph 18 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall terminate on June 30, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement commences as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to any express provision of this Agreement, shall continue until five (5) years following the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b) [Term and Termination].
The term of this Agreement shall be effective as of the date first stated above and shall continue for a term of three (3) years, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement (the "Term"); provided, however, that PrimeCall may elect to terminate this Agreement, upon thirty (30) days' written notice, at any time from and after the time that collectively RSL Communications, Ltd. and/or its Affiliates holds less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of DeltaThree's outstanding shares.
This Agreement will become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated pursuant to Sections 3.1<omitted>, shall remain effective for two (2) years from and after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This agreement shall commence as of date first above written, and shall Continue through December 31, 2004 ("the Term").
The Term shall commence on July 23, 2013 and shall expire on July 22, 2016, unless otherwise terminated earlier pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall have an Initial Term of three (3) years.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for a period of five years following the initial date of execution of the Memorandum, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 6.2 or Section 2.8 ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall begin as of the Effective Date and continue until Acceptance of all Deliverables for Milestones #1 and #2 pursuant to Section 3.4 and completion of Milestone #3, unless earlier terminated under Section 8.2, as provided for under the Other Agreements, or as mutually agreed by the Parties.
The term of this Agreement shall automatically become effective upon the occurrence of (i) ETON executing a commercial supply agreement with a contract manufacturing organization within forty-five (45) days of the Execution Date, provided that ETON has exercised best efforts to execute such agreement and the failure to execute is solely caused by the refusal or inability of the proposed manufacturing organization to sign a reasonable agreement; and (ii) acceptance for review of the Dossier or marketing application for [ * * * ] by the FDA no later than September 2, 2019 (such date, the "Effective Date") and shall end upon the termination or expiration of the Agreement as set forth in Section 11 (the "Term").
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Article, this Agreement will continue in full force beginning on the Effective Date and ending two (2) years thereafter ("Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the longer of the first anniversary of the Effective Date or the duration of the Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement (the "Term").
This agreement begins on the Commencement Date and, subject to clause 11.2, shall continue for an initial term of one (1) years (Initial Term) and indefinitely after that until terminated by either party giving at least twelve (12) months' prior written notice to expire on or after the expiry date of the initial term.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date first written above and shall continue in effect for a period of Three (3) years.
This Agreement shall become effective upon the date first written above and shall remain in full force and effect for a period of two years (2), unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions in this Agreement.
Unless terminated earlier as provided in this agreement, this Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms hereo
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and automatically renewing annually thereafter, unless either party provides a thirty-day notice of written termination one to the other ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of four (4) years, commencing on the Effective Date, which term may be extended for up to three (3) years by written agreement of both Parties prior to the expiration date of the initial term or any extension thereof (collectively, the "Term").
The term of the Franchise shall be twenty (20) years, commencing on January 1, 2016.
The term of this Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue until terminated as hereinafter provided (the "Term").
Terms of the project: 12 weeks from February 8, 2018 to May 3, 2018
This Agreement shall come into force on the Date of the Agreement, and shall, subject to article 18, remain in full force and effect for an initial period of *** from the Commercial Launch Date.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for one (I) year, unless earlier terminated as expressly provided in Sections 1.3. 10.1. or 10.2 of this Agreement (the *Initial Term")
This Agreement will remain in effect for Thirty-six (36)<omitted>months following the Hosting Service Ready Date ("Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Article XVI, this IP Agreement and the licenses granted herein will continue in effect from the Effective Date until the expiration of the last to expire of the Patents and any additional period of time thereafter that any of the Patents remain enforceable such as in the United States where a party can sue for infringement after a patent expires and seek damages for any infringement of the patent during the six years immediately preceding the filing of a suit for infringement.
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate on December 31, 2034 (such period, including as may be extended in accordance with the subsequent sentence, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article 11, shall expire on the last day of the Royalty Term.
This term of this Agreement shall commence on the EFFECTIVE DATE and shall continue, in each country, until the date of expiration of the last to expire patent within PATENT RIGHT(S) in that country.
The "Term" of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration or earlier termination of the last Addendum to expire or be terminated, at which time this Agreement will expire, unless this Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") (a) shall commence on the first day of the Warranty Period for the first Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation and (b) shall, unless terminated earlier under Section 4.1 of this Agreement or unless extended by mutual agreement of the Parties, terminate on the date that is the last day of the Warranty Period for the last Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation.
Subject to all other terms and conditions set forth herein, as of the date of this agreement, LEADER maintain the software for an additional five years.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of year as of the Effective Date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated, shall continue in full force and effect for a period of [***] years thereafter.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect for an initial term of **** from the Supply Commencement Date of the Product ("Initial Term").
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Facility Addendum, this Agreement (a) shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of four (4) years from such date (the "Initial Term" of this Agreement), unless sooner terminated pursuant to Section 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 or 7.7, and (b) may be extended for up to three (3) additional periods of twelve (12) months (each, an "Extension Period") by written notice given by Customer to Manufacturer not less than twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Extension Period, as the case may be.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the 60th day following a written notice from one party to the other of its decision to terminate this Agreement at the end of such 60-day period or upon termination of the applicable Distribution Agreement with respect to a Fund.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on the date hereof (the "Commencement Date"), and will continue until the earlier of (i) December 31, 2022, (ii) the termination or expiration of the Studio Lease (defined below), (iii) election to terminate and notice thereof given by Programmer to Licensee, and (iv) mutual written consent of Licensee and Programmer (the "Term"), unless extended or earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11 hereof.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a period of five (5) years from the Reseller's first purchase order for Product issued to Todos (the "Initial Term"), unless terminated earlier by one of the parties in accordance with the terms of this Section 11.
The term of this JSMA shall commence on May 1, 2020 (the "Commencement Date") and ends at April 30, 2029 (the "Term"), with automatic renewals each for a period of five (5) years (a "Renewal Term") unless notice is given pursuant to 5.2.
Unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of Section ​12, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until July 31, 2019 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid until the [* * *] (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue to be in full force and effect for so long as Photronics and DNP, or any of their Affiliates, each remains a Shareholder of the Company.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect through December 31, 2021 and any Renewal Term (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier as set forth herein.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 12, shall extend until the four (4) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on September 10, 2015 and shall continue for One (1) Year (the "Term").
This Agreement becomes effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 11, shall continue until the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect for an initial period of 1 year ("Initial Term").
This term of this Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereto shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in perpetuity (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions contained herein.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of twelve (12) full calendar months ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term"), unless mutually extended by written agreement of the Parties or unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall commence effective as of the date hereof and shall expire on December 31, 2028.
This Agreement shall continue until January 18, 2022, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods ending on January 18th of each year, provided such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (a) the Fund's Board of Trustees and (b) a vote of a majority (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund's Trustees who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of the Plan, in this Agreement, or any agreement related to the Plan (the "Qualified Trustees"), by vote cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting on such approval.
With respect to each of the Services, the term thereof will be for a period commencing as of the date hereof, unless a different date is specified as the commencement date for any applicable Service on Exhibit A or Exhibit B (either, a "Commencement Date"), and shall continue until 12 months following the Commencement Date unless (i) such other date as is specified as the termination date for any applicable Service in this Agreement or on Exhibit A or Exhibit B, as applicable (the "Term") or (ii) earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement (a "Termination Date").
Cellco's appointment as custodian is effective as of the Initial Cutoff Date and will continue until the later of (i) the date on which all obligations of the Issuer have been paid in full and (ii) the date on which such appointment is terminated under this Section 3.10(f).
This Agreement will terminate on the earlier to occur of (a) the date upon which the last remaining Receivable is paid in full, settled, sold or written off and any amounts received are applied and (b) the Issuer is terminated under Section 8.1 of the Trust Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence as of April 1, 2018 (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon the later of: (a) the conclusion of the 2022/23 NFL season and (b) the last day in February, 2023 (such expiration date, the "Scheduled Expiration Date"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be valid for five (5) years from February 1, 2019 through January 31, 2024 unless this Agreement is terminated earlier pursuant to Section 14 (the "Term").
The term of this agreement will begin on April 1, 2018 and continue until April 30, 2018 at 11:59pm.
This agreement is for a term of ten (10) years.
This Agreement shall commence on March 15, 2018 and will expire on March 14, 2020 unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 13 of the Agreement (the "Term")
The Contract is valid for 5 years, beginning from and ended on .
The "Term" of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will end on the earlier of: (a) the first anniversary of the expiration date of the last Purchase Schedule (as defined in this next Section); (b) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party any time after the expiration of the last Purchase Schedule; or (c) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party as provided in Subsection 11(d) of this Agreement.
Termination Date: December 31, 2023
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the time periods set forth in Schedules 1 and 2 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and continues in perpetuity, unless termination occurs pursuant to Sections 4.2 through 4.4.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
The license granted to the Licensee under this Agreement shall continue perpetually
This Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
TERM: November 01, 2014 to October 31, 2017
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
Period of transportation services: this Agreement is valid for an indefinite term.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and unless earlier terminated as provided elsewhere in this Agreement, will end automatically upon the end of Year 3.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for one (1) year following the Launch Date, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
The Term shall commence on the date of this Agreement and, unless earlier terminated or extended as provided below, shall end as of December 31, 2000.
The term of this Agreement shall be for a period of two (2) years (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall end fifteen months therefrom.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon delivery of [**] to ebix, but in no way shall this Agreement extend any later than thirty (30) months from the Effective Date regardless of the number Filled Application Forms delivered to ebix. About will make commercially reasonable efforts to achieve that number in twelve (12) months or less from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end three (3) years from the date the Co-Branded Application becomes accessible to Excite@Home Members ("Launch Date").
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the date above, and shall continue for a term of one (1) year
Term shall mean the Effective Date through June 15, 2001 and any Renewal Term (as defined in paragraph 7.4 herein.)
INITIAL TERM shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the second anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11.
Initial Term shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the fourth anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8
This Agreement shall be effective upon the ------------------- Effective Date and shall remain in force for a period of one (1) year, and shall be automatically renewed for successive periods of one (1) year unless otherwise terminated as provided herein.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in force for three years from the Launch Date (the "Initial Term") unless earlier
"Launch Date" means the first date on which the Service is made publicly available.<omitted>This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date and will continue in effect for 2 years following the Launch Date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall ----------------------- commence on the Effective Date and end on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the date that the Affiliate Registration Form is approved by Chase and will end when terminated by either party.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of five (5) years from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term") after which this Agreement may be extended on mutual agreement of the parties (a "Renewal Term," and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
This Agreement will remain in force for perpetuity or until and unless otherwise mutually agreed or amended in writing by both parties.
The term of this Agreement will begin upon acceptance of Affiliate's Program application and will end when terminated by either party of this Agreement.
This Agreement is entered into for an unlimited period of time.
This Agreement shall be for the term of one year; thereafter, the Agreement shall renew automatically under these same terms and agreements unless superceded by future agreements.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until either Party informs the other Party with thirty (30) day prior written notice of termination of this Agreement.
The "Initial Term" shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire on March 31, 2011.
The term ("Term") of this Agreement shall be for one hundred eighty days (180) from the date set forth below unless Network 1 or Visa or MasterCard or Harris Bank doesn't approve Affiliate's ISO application, in which case, the Term will be 3 years.
Unless sooner terminated under the provisions hereof, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of one (1) year ("Term"). provided however, that the Parties may extend the Term for an additional year period by entering into an written addendum of the Agreement extending such term.
"CONTRACT PERIOD" means that period of time commencing upon the full execution of this Agreement by both Parties and terminating on May 31, 2016 unless sooner terminated under this Agreement.
All terms of this Agreement will automatically commence on November 1st, 2017, and expire on November 2nd, 2020.
"Term" means: 1.5t January 2013 to 315t December 2013 or until terminated under the provisions of this Agreement or the Primary Agreement.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time from February 21, 2011 through December 31, 2012.
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and ending on February 19, 2013 ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for two years from the date hereof, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (A) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund and (B) the vote of a majority of the Fund's directors who are not parties to this Agreement or "interested persons" (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Fund Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the Investment Fund Act.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this ARTICLE 13, shall remain in effect on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the expiration of the Royalty Term applicable to such Product and country (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect until the expiration of the Sublicense Agreement, unless earlier termination by pursuant to the terms of this Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4 of this Agreement, will continue until the expiration of the Warranty Period as defined in subsection 9(a) of this Agreement.
Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, the Parties' respective rights and obligations under this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force for ten (10) years after the First Commercial Sale of the first Licensed Product, and shall thereafter automatically renew for an unlimited period of time unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Section 15.2.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein, unless earlier terminated by either party, this Agreement shall expire on ______, 20___, and all rights of Developer herein shall cease and all unapplied or unused Development Fees paid pursuant to Section 3 hereof shall be forfeited to Franchisor.
Unless terminated pursuant to Section 10 or 11 below, it shall expire upon the earlier of the date specified in Exhibit "B" or upon the opening of the last El Pollo Loco® Restaurant listed in the Development Schedule.
Dr. Murray's obligations set out herein shall be performed from the Effective Date until December 31, 2018 (the initial "Services Term").
Except as otherwise stated herein as pertaining only to a Services Term, this Agreement shall remain in effect for ten years, unless terminated in accordance with Sections 6.1 (a) or 6.2(b).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance herewith, shall continue in force and effect until (a) the date of expiration of the last Royalty Term for the last Licensed Product, or (b) the expiration of the License Option Period and the failure of AbbVie to exercise the License Option (such period, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") will begin on the date this Agreement is signed by the last signatory ("Effective Date") and remain in effect for [***]; provided, however, that the terms of this Agreement shall remain applicable to any SOW that was executed by the Parties prior to the expiration or termination of this Agreement but whose period of performance extends beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue thereafter for a period of twelve (12) months (the "Initial Term").
The Term shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of five (5) years.
The term "Term" shall mean an initial term of five years, automatically renewable thereafter for successive 5-year terms unless either party provides prior written notice of termination not less than 90 days prior to the end of such five-year term; provided, however, T&B shall have the right to terminate the license after the first year of the Term if LEA does not conduct the Business so as to meet the Cash Sales benchmarks set by the parties for years two through five of the Term, as set forth in Section 3.3, below.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless the Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will come into effect on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force for ten (10) years from the Launch (the "Initial Term"), or the date of expiry of the last valid patent of the Licensed Product, whichever comes later, subject to clauses 19.2, 19.3, 19.4 and 19.5 hereunder
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will commence on the Effective Date and will expire upon the earliest of (i) termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 14.2, or (ii) the date of payment of the last Approval Payment due based on all applicable Regulatory Approvals which have been received.
The term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article XII, shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration of Sanofi's payment obligations under Article IX or the Profit/Loss Share Agreement, whichever is later (the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 14 hereof (the "Term").
This Agreement commences on the date it is executed and shall continue until full performance by both parties, or until earlier terminated by one party under the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will be for the maximum period of six (6) months beginning for the commencement date, renewable in accordance with the terms hereof, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.
This Agreement will be in effect for three (3) years from the Effective Date ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Unless otherwise stated in the Appendix the term of this letter Agreement shall continue for twenty-four (24) months with the effective date unless terminated sooner or extended pursuant to the terms hereof ("Initial Term")
Contract end: 04-01-08
The initial term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and end twelve (12) months after the Launch (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b).
This Agreement and the provisions hereof, except as otherwise provided, shall be in full force and effect commencing on the date of execution by both Parties and shall extend for an initial term of two (2) years.
This Agreement will become effective as of the last date of signature (Effective Date) and shall, unless sooner terminated as provided below or as otherwise agreed, remain effective for an initial term of 10 Years following the first date of public availability of the PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Content within a THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION Property (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the date on which it is signed and affixed with the corporate seals by the authorized representative of each Party and have a term of five (5) years commencing as of the effective date hereof.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, except as set forth in Subsection (ii), continue in full force and effect through the Delivery Period.
This agreement will be in effect until the end of 2006 and will be evaluated at that time.
This Agreement shall take effect from the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect for twenty (20) years thereafter, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Clause 8.
Expiration Date: August 31, 2006
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on the Expiration Date set forth above (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 3(b).
The Term of the Agreement is hereby extended to January 20, 2012 unless sooner terminated as provided for in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be in effect until March 18. 2021, unless sooner terminated by either party upon (30) days written notice, without cause.
This contract shall remain in effect initially for the five (5) year term ("Initial Term") from the date signed and shall be automatically extended for one (1) year periods after the Initial Term ("Renewal Term") unless (i) either party provides written notice of its intention not to renew the Agreement within 180 days prior to any Renewal Term; or (ii) this Agreement is otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms of this Section 12.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate in _____________, on _____________, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement may be renewed for successive one (1) year periods if STAAR and Distributor expressly agree in writing and in their sole discretion to renew this Agreement prior to the foregoing termination date or any successive renewal term.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until September 1, 2045, unless earlier terminated by either Party pursuant to this Article 12 (the "Term").
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, all rights and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect for a period of eighteen (18) months after the initial theatrical release of that Property.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, including Robots, Kingdom of Heaven, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, In Her Shoes, Idiocracy (Oww My Balls) and Ice Age II, all right and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect until March 31, 2008."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Term") is the Effective Date through March 15, 2022.
This Agreement expires ten (10) years from the Agreement Date (the "Term"), unless it is terminated sooner as provided in other sections of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided under this Agreement, shall terminate five (5) years following the date of launch of the first Website, but in no event later than February 28, 2013 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue thereafter for a period of two (2) years, unless extended by written agreement of both parties or sooner terminated as set forth below.
This Agreement and the license granted herein shall remain effective until terminated.
Unless otherwise provided herein, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue through the completion or termination of Developer's services and work product as mutually agreed upon between the Parties (the Project).
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Commencement Date and will continue through December 31, 2022 or until this Agreement is otherwise terminated in accordance with its provisions ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate automatically without notice on December 31, 2022, unless the Parties agree in writing to extend the term of the Agreement (the initial term and any renewal terms are referred to collectively herein as the "Term").
This Second Amendment shall be effective from The Second Amendment Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2021.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue for a period of three (3) years therefrom (the "Term").
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue until termination as provided below.
This Agreement is for a term (the "Term") of 12 months from the Effective Date on June 1s t 2020 and expiring May 31st 2021.
This Agreement shall be in full force and effect commencing on January 2, 2020 and shall remain in effect for one (1) year or until Consultant completes the services requested
The term of this Agreement shall commence on January 10th, 2019 and shall expire on the day that is twenty-four (24) months from that date (the "Term of Engagement") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Term: twelve (12) months from the date of the Agreement which term shall automatically renew for an additional twelve (12) months on such date if the Agreement is not otherwise terminated according to Section 8 of the Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be the sooner of six (6) months from the Effective Date, or replacement of this Agreement with a subsequent agreement between the Parties.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the four-year anniversary of the Effective Date (such period, as it may be extended, either by the mutual written agreement of the parties or automatically, or earlier terminated being referred to as the "Consultation Period"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4, and shall automatically renew for successive one-year periods, unless the Company provides 90 days' notice of termination before any such successive period.
The term of this Agreement is for a period of five (5) years (the "Term") commencing on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the termination provisions of this Agreement, ending on January 31, 2025.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall expire twenty (20) years from the effective date of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
The term of this Agreement for the Hosted Site shall commence upon April 1, 1999 and shall continue for a period of six (6) months, unless earlier terminated in accordance with provisions hereof.
This Agreement shall continue in effect from the Effective Date for a one (1) year period, unless earlier terminated as set forth below, and thereafter shall renew automatically for successive one (1) year periods unless either party gives the other party at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of its intent not to renew the Agreement.
The effective term is 12 months beginning March 1, 2005 and ending February 28, 2006.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a period of 12 months thereafter (the "Period") in full force and effect until it is terminated in accordance with this Section 3.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated under this Article, shall continue in effect until the Conversion Date (the "Term"); provided that, with respect to any LMG Tools identified in Exhibit A as having a license term beyond the Conversion Date, TAG's License to, and LMG's obligation to provide LMG Services for, such LMG Tools shall survive for the period specified in Exhibit A.
The term of this Agreement is for ten (10) years commencing on the date of this Agreement, unless terminated as provided by this Agreement.
The obligations of the Agent pursuant to this Agreement shall terminate upon termination of the Offering, but in no event later than 45 days after the completion of the Subscription Offering (the "End Date").
The initial term of this Agreement is one (1) year from the date of delivery of the Product to Licensee unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
1 April 2009
The maintenance is for a period of one (1) year commencing upon expiration of the initial one (1) year term of the License/Services Schedule.
XIMAGE's obligations hereunder shall become effective upon the "Effective Date" and, unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall remain in full force and effect for at least one year thereafter.
This Agreement be deemed effective as of the Effective Date, Agreement and shall terminate on December 31, 2020, unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 3.2.
This Agreement shall continue in force until the earlier to occur of (i) the Owner no longer owns any Receivables or Participation Interests, and (ii) subject to Section 7(d), the delivery of written notice of termination by the Owner to the Servicer pursuant to Section 7(c), in each case upon which event this Agreement shall automatically terminate unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Servicer and the Owner.
Agent's appointment hereunder shall commence on the next business day after the later of (i) the date hereof, or (ii) the date Agent has confirmed that Client's records have been converted to Agent's system (the "Effective Date"), and shall continue for three years thereafter (the "Initial Term").
In relation to each Fund, this Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (a) the expiration of the term of such Fund or (b) the date, if any, on which Oaktree US (or any affiliate it has substituted in its stead in accordance with such Fund's Fund Agreement) is removed as general partner of such Fund or (c) the Sub-Advisor ceasing to be authorised and regulated by the FCA.
This Agreement shall take effect on the date of signature of the Agreement by both parties and shall terminate when all obligations required of both parties hereunder are performed unless either terminated earlier or extended by the parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement subject to clause 4.0.
At any time that there is no uncompleted Statement of Work outstanding, either party may terminate this Agreement for any or no reason upon fifteen (15) days advance notice to the other.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof and shall continue until terminated by either party pursuant to Paragraph 6 hereof.
The term of this Services Agreement shall begin on the date of execution and shall continue in effect for a period of two years.
Subject to the provisions for termination hereinafter provided, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a minimum period of 12 months (the "Minimum Period") and thereafter upon the mutual agreement of the Company and Maimon (the "Service Term").
This Agreement shall terminate (a) at the option of any party, upon 90 days' advance written notice to the other parties hereto; or (b) in the event of a material breach that has not been cured within ten days following a written notice of breach to the breaching party.
This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by the Parties.
The Appointment may be terminated by either party giving the other at least 12 months' notice in writing.
Your employment shall commence on 26 September 2019 and shall continue unless and until either party gives notice to the other in accordance with paragraph 11 below.
This Agreement shall terminate immediately and automatically upon the termination of Company's Participation Agreement(s) with the Funds, and in such event no notice need be given hereunder.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
"Service Period" means April. 1st 2019 through to March 30, 2020<omitted>The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
Subject to earlier termination as provided below, this Service Agreement is for the total duration of the Company's Offering (the "Initial Term") unless either party requests termination at least 30 days prior to the end of the then-current term.
The Executive's employment with the Company will commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue, subject to the remaining terms of this Agreement, until terminated by either party giving the other the following minimum advance written notice: 2.1.1 6 weeks' notice; 2.1.2 such other longer period as required by law.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the day and year first above written and shall govern the relations between the parties hereto thereafter, unless terminated as set forth in this Section 6.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year, commencing January 1, 2008 and ending on December 31, 2008.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate at the end of the Exclusivity Period (i.e., a three (3) year period commencing on the Effective Date).
Subject to the provisions of Section 14 hereof, the term of this Agreement and the sponsorship described herein shall commence on January 1, 2010 and extend through December 31, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be four (4) Processing Years commencing on the Effective Date of this Agreement and ending on June 30, 2010 unless
This Agreement shall automatically terminate at and as of (the first to occur of): (a) 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on the 30th day after the Effective Date (if Purchaser has not commenced the Offer, with the unanimous consent of the Sponsors, by then); (b) the expiration of the Offer (if the Offer is not consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), subject to any extension or subsequent offering period; and (c) the expiration of the Interim Period (if the Offer is consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), in any case, unless sooner terminated by unanimous written consent of the Participating Sponsors; provided, however, that any liability for failure to comply with this Agreement shall survive any such termination.
Unless otherwise terminated as specified in this Section 12, the ---- term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and will not end until the later of (a) twelve (12) months from the Launch Date; or (2) the date Intuit displays a total of 176,717,916 Impressions in accordance with the terms set forth herein ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the "Effective Date" and shall continue for ten (10) Contract Years, unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 6 of this Agreement or extended by renewal by written agreement of the Parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 13(o) of this Agreement (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided for herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence as of the date hereof and shall terminate at the end of the Season which is scheduled to end on October 12, 2002 (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and conclude on October 31, 2010, unless renewed by agreement or sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
If the Launch Date has not occurred by August 31, 1999, Sponsor shall, in its sole discretion, be entitled to terminate this Agreement without any liability and receive a full refund of all amounts paid by Sponsor to drkoop.com pursuant to this Agreement prior to the date of such termination.
The initial term (the "Initial Term"; and together with all extensions and renewals, the "Term") will begin on the date set forth above * * * (the "Launch Date") on which: (i) each of the Sponsor Areas of the drkoop.com Website are operational in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (other than the e-commerce tile placements); and (ii) the links to the<omitted>Sponsor Website or Vitamin Buzz contained in the Sponsor logos or the Sponsor banner advertisements are established in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, subject to earlier termination as set forth in this Agreement.
In the event that Excite has not delivered XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX clickthroughs to the Client Site by the end of twelve (12) months after the Launch Date, the first year of the term of the Agreement will be extended without additional sponsorship and advertising fees for up to an additional four (4) months.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not end until Excite displays of a total of XXXXXXXXXXXXX impressions of Client's advertising banners and promotional placements on the Excite Site and Excite has made reasonable commercial efforts to deliver, at minimum, a goal of XXXXXXXX clickthroughs to the Client Site.
Regardless of Excite's actual delivery of impressions and clickthroughs, the term of this Agreement will not be shorter than two (2) years after the display of the first of Client's advertising banners and promotional placements, subject to the termination rights set forth below.
The initial production period shall be for a period of two (2) months to commence on November 4, 1998 (the "Production Period"), and the remaining term of this Agreement shall be for a period of twenty four (24) months to commence on the tentative launch date of January 4, 1999, unless terminated earlier as provided herein (the "Promotion Period"), (The Production Period and the Promotion Period shall be collectively referred to as the "Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and, unless terminated as provided herein, shall continue through November 30, 1998.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on July 19, 1999 and shall ---- thereafter continue until all above described Sponsor benefits are completed, but in no event beyond the end of the 1999 season (the "Term").
If Hydron does not timely exercise its right to terminate this Agreement, then Hydron agrees that this Agreement shall continue for the entire four (4) year term unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end on the second (2nd) anniversary of the Commencement Date.
Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall take effect on December 1st, 2015 and shall expire on November 30, 2016.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the specific terms of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not end until Excite displays a total of [*****] impressions of the Client advertising banners and promotional placements on the Excite Network as described in this Agreement and pushes [*****] emails using the email vehicles specified in Exhibit B
The services described herein to be provided by Agency shall begin upon execution and delivery of the Outsourcing Agreement and shall continue until termination of Contractor's activities to administer the Notes thereunder.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the date first set forth above, and shall continue in full force and effect until terminated as provided below.
The initial term ("Initial Term") of this Agreement shall be for one year commencing on the 1st day of May, 2006 ("Effective Date").
This agreement shall commence on January 20, 2014 (the "Effective Date") and shall continue in effect for six (6) months (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of the contracted agreement is 5 years from the commencement date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and extend for three (3) years thereafter ("INITIAL TERM"), with an automatic renewal for an indefinite period of time ("EXTENDED TERM"), unless terminated by the parties according to Sections 16.2. or 16.3. herein.
The term of this Agreement will commence on January 1, 1998 (the "Effective Date") and will end on December 31, 1998.
"Term" shall mean the period commencing on the Effective Date and terminating on the eighth anniversary of the Commencement Date, unless the Agreement is extended in accordance with its provisions.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on November 30, 2014 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall be valid for an indefinite period.
This Attachment and its Product Attachments shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in Section 5.0 of the Base Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in Section 5.0.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms hereof, the term of this Agreement shall end on the seventh anniversary of the date hereof.
This Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement will be for two (2) year(s) commencing on the Effective Date.
This Agreement is effective as of August 1, 2004, (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate on July 31, 2009, (the "Termination Date") unless earlier terminated or extended as provided for herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date unless sooner terminated pursuant to the termination provisions herein.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of 1 year after the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated as set forth herein (the "TERM").
This Amendment shall enter into force on the date of its signature by both Parties and, unless otherwise agreed upon in writing by the Parties through a subsequent amendment to the GMA, shall remain in force for the term of the referenced GMA.
The Agreement shall end on the End Date without any further action, unless otherwise provided under this Agreement.
"End Date" means the date on which this Agreement is terminated or expires, and shall be the earlier to occur of the following, as appropriate: (i) the end of the Initial Term as defined in Clause 3.1of this Agreement; or, (ii) the end of the term of each annual renewal of this Agreement as per Clause 3.2 of this Agreement; or, (iii) the date on which all or part of this Agreement is terminated as per Clause 16 ("Termination");
The Agreement enters into force on the Signing Date; it will have a duration of [*****] as from the Start Date (the "Initial Term").
The first paid (Initial) Maintenance Term shall commence upon expiration of the Warranty Period and shall continue for twelve (12) months thereafter.
This Agreement shall apply and remain in effect from the Effective Date and perpetually thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the Section entitled "Termination."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the date that payment is due for Minimum Payment Period 7, pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof and as set forth in Attachment B hereof, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
This Agreement shall come into force on the Effective Date and shall remain in force and effect for a period of [Redacted - Commercially Sensitive - Term Details] , unless this Agreement is extended or previously terminated in accordance with this clause 12, pursuant to clause 15.1 (Force Majeure), or (ii) by the mutual written consent of the Parties (the "Term").
The Agreement shall have an initial term of ten (10) years commencing from the Effective Date and ending on the tenth (10th) anniversary thereof (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of Section 15.2 or Section 15.3.
The "Term" shall begin on the date hereof and shall expire December 31, 2023, subject to early termination pursuant to the terms of Section 19. Flotek, may, by written notice given to FCC on or before September 30, 2023, elect for the Term to be extended to December 31, 2024.
TERM OF EXECUTION From January 30, 2012 until July 29, 2012
Subject to the General Terms and Conditions of Transporter's FERC Gas Tariff and Rate Schedule FTS/ITS, this Agreement shall be effective as of the date of physical completion of and initial deliveries on Transporter's pipeline and shall continue for a primary term of ten years.
This Agreement shall be effective from the date first above written and shall continue indefinitely until terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
The Agreement shall continue through the project's in-service date and for a period of fifteen (15) years after the project's in-service date ("Initial Term").
"Initial Term" means the period commencing on the Effective Date and concluding on the last day of the month in which the fifth anniversary of the Offtake Agreement Effective Date falls.
"Offtake Agreement" means that certain Crude Oil Sale and Purchase Agreement between the Principal and STASCO dated 1 November 1999.
This contract shall be effective as of November 1, 2002, and shall remain in force and effect, unless modified as per Exhibit B, until October 31, 2012.
"Royalty Term" means, with respect to sales of a Product in the Territory, the time period beginning on the First Commercial Sale of such Product in the Territory and expiring on the latest of the following dates: (a) *** (b) *** (c) ***<omitted>Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall continue in effect until the expiration of the Royalty Term as defined in Section 1.87 ("Term"), and thereafter Green Cross has no remaining payment obligations with respect to the Products pursuant to Section 8.5 above and MacroGenics shall have no further obligations hereunder.
The term of the agreement is 20 years, during which if any main equipment of any Party stops operation due to technical problem or at the end of its life cycle, the agreement shall be automatically terminated.
This Agreement shall come into force as of January 1, 2013 and remain valid for 1 year.
As of the effective date hereof, the original cooperation of mobile game business executed between the Parties shall terminate automatically.
Party A and Party B agree and confirm that the term of cooperation under this Agreement shall commence from the execution date hereof and end on the expiration date of the operation term of Party B ("Term of Cooperation").
Unless this Agreement is early terminated in accordance with this Agreement or other agreements signed by the Parties hereof, the term of the validity of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date.
"Intended End of Term" means the later of (a) the seventh (7th) anniversary of the Effective Date and (b) the date determined to be the "Intended End of Term" under Section 7.2.2(d) (Effects of Tolling).<omitted>This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms, including by Ginkgo pursuant to Section 7.3 (Buy-Down Election) or extended by the mutual written agreement of the Parties, shall continue until the Intended End of Term (such time period, as may be extended pursuant to this Section 13.3.1 (Term - General), the "Term"); provided that, if,<omitted>at the expiration of the Intended End of Term, Ginkgo has paid the Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitment, but will not have paid to BLI the Full Purchase Target, then the Term of this Agreement shall automatically extend for an additional [***] ([***]) year period from the date of the expiration of the then-Intended End of Term so that, among other things, BLI may potentially receive the benefit of the Full Purchase Target and Ginkgo may receive the continuing benefit of royalty-free licenses.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial term of three (3) years from the Promotion Commencement Date, divided into three one-year periods.
Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall commence effective June 1, 1998, and shall continue for a term of three (3) years expiring May 31, 2001 (the "Term").
"Term" means the earlier of: (a) the end of the two year period from the Effective Date to 31 July 2013; or (b) the last day of the calendar month within which the Maximum Distribution Commitment is reached.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as set out in this Agreement, shall continue for the Term.
This promotion shall begin on June 1,1999 and shall terminate June 1, 2000 (herein "Term")
The Joint Venture shall commence on the 1st of March, 2003, and shall be effective until February 28, 2004 unless extended by written agreement of the Joint Venturers not less than thirty (30) days prior to scheduled termination.
Except as otherwise provided herein, the term of this Agreement is three (3) years from the Execution Date ("Cooperation Period").
The term of this Agreement is twelve (12) months from the date hereof, and will be automatically renewed for one (1) additional twelve month period unless either party shall notify the other in writing of its intention not to renew.
This Agreement is effective as of the date hereof and shall remain in full force and effect for the period (the "Covered Period") commencing on the date hereof and ending on the date that is the earliest of: (i) the Company's failure to appoint the ValueAct Designee to the Board following the ValueAct Group's written request to the Company to have the ValueAct Designee appointed to the Board pursuant to Section 1(a) of this Agreement; (ii) the failure of the Company to comply in good faith with Section 1(e) of this Agreement; or (iii) the date which is the 60t h day prior to the Company's 2016 annual meeting of stockholders.
This Agreement shall take effect as of the Effective Date and shall expire upon completion of the Project as set forth in the Project Plan and after payment of all payments due and payable according to this Agreement, unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
"Expiration Date" means March 31, 2020.
The Joint Venture is a fixed term Joint Venture beginning November 27, 2018 and ending November 30th, 2019 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on February 1, 1998 and end on the first anniversary of the date of this Agreement; provided that (a) either party may terminate this Agreement, effective at any time after the first three months of the Term, by giving 30 days' written notice of termination to the other party, and (b) either party may terminate this Agreement at any time by giving written notice of termination to the other party, if the other party commits a material breach of its obligations hereunder that is not cured within 30 days after notice thereof from the non-breaching party.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue, unless terminated sooner in accordance with this Article VIII, until June 27, 2011 (the "Term").
This Agreement shall continue until terminated as provided herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated under the terms of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the Services to be provided with respect to any Account which is registered as an investment company under the 1940 Act (herein referred to as a "registered investment company") are services referred to in the definition of "investment advisor" under Section 202(a)(11) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (herein referred to as "investment advisory services"), then with respect to such Account, this Agreement: (i) shall not commence until the effective date of its approval by the board of directors or trustees ("Board") of such Account; (ii) shall continue from year to year thereafter, subject to the provisions for termination and all other terms and conditions hereof, only if such continuation shall be specifically approved at least annually by a majority of the Board, including a majority of the members of the Board who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons of any such party (other than as members of the Board) cast in person at a meeting called for that purpose; (iii) may be terminated at any time without the payment of any penalty by the Board or by a vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities (as defined in Section 2(a)(42) of the 1940 Act) of the Account on 60 days' written notice to the Adviser; (iv) shall automatically terminate in the event of (A) its assignment (as defined in the 1940 Act) or (B) termination of the Advisory Agreement for any reason whatsoever.
Subject to the remaining provisions of this Section, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the effective date first above written and shall continue until terminated by mutual agreement of the parties hereto or by either party on not less than 60 days' written notice to the other party hereto.
This Limited Power of Attorney shall be revoked and terminated automatically upon the cancellation or termination of the Services Agreement or as to any Fund upon the cancellation or termination of the Adviser's Investment Advisory Contract for such Fund.
Unless otherwise mutually agreed to by the Parties, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end upon expiration of the Term, unless terminated early as contemplated hereunder.
"Term" means, on a Country-by-Country and Collaboration Product-by-Collaboration Product basis, the period from the Effective Date until the later of (a) the expiration or termination of the last Valid Claim of a Patent Right covering the Pooled Compound in such Collaboration Product in such Country, and (b) fifteen (15) years from First Commercial Sale in such Country, unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with Article 14.
The term of the CDx Development Program shall be five (5) years.
The term for Database Insights under Section 3.1.8 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Database Insights Term").
The term "Agreement Term" shall mean the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is terminated sooner as provided in Article 17, expiring on the date when all work has been completed or terminated under all R&D Plans.
The initial term of the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program will be five (5) years beginning on the Effective Date.
The term for Sample Profiling set forth in Section 3.1.4 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Profiling Term").
This Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue for the Agreement Term.
The initial term of the ctDNA Platform Development Program will be twelve (12) months.
The initial term of this Agreement shall, unless sooner terminated by consent of all parties, expires in five (5) years from the date of Effective Date.
The Contract Term shall extend for a period of fifty (50) years.
This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date, and will continue until the expiration of the "Sales Term" as that term is defined in the Sales Dealer Agreement dated as of August 16, 2017 between Vivint and Vivint Solar Developer, LLC (the "Term")."
The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years, subject to the prior termination rights provided below.
Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, this Agreement continues in effect for an initial term of seven (7) years ("Initial Term") and will automatically renew for one or more annual periods after the Initial Term (each a "Renewal Term") unless either party gives notice of non-renewal at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the beginning of any Renewal Term.
The duration of this Venture (the "Term") will begin on March 1, 2020 and continue in full force and effect until February 28, 2025 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
This Amendment shall only become effective upon the VNBJ Closing with respect to Article 1.1 and the VNBZ Closing with respect to Article 1.2, and shall terminate without any force or effect in the event that the VNBJ SPA and the VNBZ SPA are terminated in accordance with the terms thereof.
This JV Agreement shall become effective on the signing date and shall have a duration of * years, extendable for a further * years, unless notice of non- renewal is sent one year before the natural expiry date.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of execution and shall continue in force and effect for an indefinite term thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the provisions of Article 16 or by all the Parties in writing.
This agreement shall terminate: a. Automatically if any public authority cancels or declines to renew the Agency's license or Certificate of Authority. b. Immediately if either party gives detailed written notice to the other of alleged gross and willful misconduct, fraud or material misrepresentation.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date hereof and shall terminate upon the termination of the Offering.
This Agreement will become effective as of the date first written above and will continue in effect thereafter until terminated pursuant to Paragraph 4.2 below.
This Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years commencing upon the Effective Date hereof unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement (the "Initial Term").
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the later to occur of the date that is (x) three (3) years from the date hereof and (y) the date on which an affiliate of Freedom Mortgage is not acting as the external manager of Cherry Hill.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years following the Effective Date or until the Studies are completed, whichever is later, unless extended or unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof.
Term: This Study Order will continue until the Study is completed, which is expected to be ________ (__) months after the Effective Date, or until terminated early as provided in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the date first set forth above and, shall expire on the later of (i) five (5) years from the date hereof, or (ii) with respect to any projects identified in any contract for which VET TECH is billing the client directly, upon the completion of COOL TECH's Services and receipt of payment by COOL TECH from VET TECH for said services.
Unless terminated sooner, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years thereafter (the "Initial Term") and shall automatically renew for additional one (1) year terms on the terms and conditions set forth herein (each a "Renewal Term" and collectively, the "Term") unless either party gives the other Party Notice of its intention to terminate this Agreement ninety (90) days before the end of the Initial Term or Renewal Term, if any.
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this ---- Agreement shall terminate on the later of (i) the third anniversary of the Effective Date or (ii) the date on which ETI ceases to be a Subsidiary of NTL.
THIS STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), made effective this 17t h day of February 2016, through February 16, 2019 (the "Initial Term") i
Either party may terminate this agreement after 3 years following the effective date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall remain in effect for a period of 5 years ("Initial Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years from the date of execution and may be extended subject to satisfactory agreement on ongoing commercial terms, to be agreed two (2) months prior to the expiration of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until the later of (a) the fourth (4th) anniversary of the Effective Date, or (b) the completion or termination of the Research and receipt by LBIO of all deliverables due from MD Anderson hereunder, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.2 or Section 9.14.
This Agreement is effective on the Effective Date and shah continue in effect until the earlier of (a) the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date, and (b) termination by either Party for any reason upon thirty (30) days' written notice to the other Party; provided, however, that no Party shall be able to terminate this Agreement so long as such Party is a Defaulting Party under this Agreement.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until it is terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 15 of this Agreement ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and will continue in effect until five (5) year(s) from such date (the "Initial Term") unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 25.
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Initial Term") will be ten (10) years from the Effective Date, provided that at any time following the 7th anniversary of such date, either party may terminate such strategic alliance upon not less than 60 days' prior written notice to the other party.
The rights and obligations of the Farids Group set forth in this Article VI (other than those set forth in Sections 6.8 and 6.9) shall terminate on the date that the Farids Group owns less than 3% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock, but in no event earlier than the Expiration Date (as defined in the Warrant).
The term of this Agreement is twenty-four (24) months.
This Agreement shall be for an initial term of five (5) years, and unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall automatically renew for an additional term of five (5) years thereafter.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for a term of ten (10) years, unless previously terminated in accordance with Clause 15 (Termination).
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of two (2) years ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 11 of this Agreement.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 4.2 or 4.3, this Agreement will be in effect from the Effective Date until completion of the Research Program.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of three (3) years after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement is effective on the day of May 1, 2013 and the effective term is the same as the Cooperation Ter
The Cooperation Term of the parties shall be two years from May 1, 2013 to April 30, 2015.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, (i) that this Section 8 shall survive any such termination and (ii) no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, shall continue in full force and effect until terminated pursuant to this Article 18.
This Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of: (i) the conclusion of the Standstill Period or (ii) delivery of written notice by one Party to the other Party of a material breach of this Agreement by the breaching Party that is uncured after ten (10) calendar days of notice of such breach.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement will be effective as of the date of its execution, and term of the Cooperation will be four years from the date on which the channel is uploaded.<omitted>The channel is expected to be uploaded on August 1, 201
Unless otherwise mutual agreed between the Parties, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the earlier of the below events occur: (a) The fifth (5t h) anniversary of this Agreement; and (b) Otkritie ceasing to own more than 2,237,216 class B shares or American depositary shares of QIWI.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period in accordance with Section 4, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
Subject to the other provisions contained herein, this AGREEMENT shall be for a term of thirty (30) years from the Effective Date, which shall automatically renew from year-to-year thereafter unless terminated by a Party upon sixty (60) days' written notice after the end of the term.
The term of this Agreement shall be fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the following provisions of this Article:
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this IP Agreement shall extend until the last date of expiration of the SRAM Intellectual Property rights licensed under this IP Agreement.
The term of this Agreement is five (5) years unless the early termination in accordance with this Agreement.
The provisions of this Agreement, including the license rights provided in this Article III, shall not be terminable or revocable for any reason.
The term of this IP Agreement shall be from the Effective Date until all of the Intellectual Property licensed hereunder is in the public domain (provided, however, that in such event the representations and warranties in Article III shall survive (and terminate) in accordance with the Acquisition Agreement) or this IP Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 4.3.
This Agreement shall remain in effect for sixty (60) months from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
Unless otherwise agreed in writing by Accuray and Distributor and subject to the termination rights contained in this Agreement, this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until the termination of the Strategic Alliance Agreement; provided, however, that if a Termination Election relating to this Agreement is made pursuant to Section 10.3 of the Strategic Alliance Agreement prior to such termination, this Agreement shall terminate 36 months after such Termination Election (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement shall terminate on May 31, 2015, unless sooner terminated.
As provided for in this Section 1, the term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years, beginning on the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"); provided, however, the Initial Term shall be subject to automatic successive renewal terms of three (3) years each (the "Renewal Terms" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
The terms of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date and will be automatically renewed on each anniversary of the effective date, for a renewal term of one year unless either party provides written notification of its intention not to renew this Agreement at least one month prior to the expiration of the initial or any renewal terms.
Distributor's appointment is for a term of one year from the Effective Date, renewable automatically unless terminated under Section 18
The Term will commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and will remain in effect, unless sooner terminated under paragraphs 5.2, 5.3, or 5.4, until the termination date specified in Exhibit A.
September 30, 1997
This Agreement shall have an initial term of one (1) year from the date first above written (the "Initial Term"), and shall thereafter automatically renew for successive two (2) year periods (each a "Renewal Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement shall be two (2) years from the Effective Date with automatic annual renewals thereafter provided either party does not provide sixty (60) days notice of termination prior to the renewal date or the Agreement is not otherwise terminated as set forth in Section 8.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) calendar years from the Agreement date.
The term of this Agreement shall be ten (10) years (the "Term") which shall commence on the date upon which the Company delivers to Distributor the last Sample, as defined hereinafter.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date first above written and shall terminate on 31 December 2006, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years from the date first set forth above and shall thereafter automatically renew for additional two (2) year terms unless a party provides the other party with notice of non-renewal no less than 6 months prior to the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term unless earlier terminated as follows
April 15, 2000 through October 15, 2000 (6 Months from the Effective Date)
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) years from the Effective Date and shall thereafter be automatically renewed for subsequent one (1) year periods unless either party notifies the other in writing of its election not to renew the Agreement at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the expiration of the then-current term.
Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until terminated by either Party upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice.
This contract shall be for a term of one year commencing on the date first above written; thereafter, it shall automatically continue until terminated by either party upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for 3 years (the "Initial Term") commencing on the date first set forth above (the "Commencement Date") and ending on the 3rd anniversary of the Commencement Date.
The Term of this Agreement shall be for a period of [* ****] years and [*****] months commencing the 1st day of September 2004 and terminating the [*****] day of [*****].
The term of the license hereby granted shall commence August 1, 1995 and continue until January 30, 2000, unless sooner terminated in the manner provided in the immediately succeeding sentence or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
Unless otherwise provided for in this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall be three years, commencing on the date of this Agreement and expiring on the third anniversary date of this Agreement (the "Termination Date").
The COMPANY agrees to a one year engagement to contract the CELEBRITY to speak at the company meetings and seminars along with endorsement of the Company products.
Notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement shall terminate upon the Trust's payment to the Company of the sum of the aggregate amount of the premiums paid under the Policy since inception (which amount includes the outstanding principal balance of the Demand Note).
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing on January 1, 2000 and concluding December 31, 2003, unless terminated sooner as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall extend from the date of execution hereof through and until _______, unless extended by written agreement of the parties.
The term of this Agreement shall commence January 1, 1996, and shall continue for a period of three (3) years, concluding December 31, 1998.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing as of May 31, 1999 and concluding May 31, 2000.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Article 13, shall continue in full force and effect, on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the Secondary Royalty Term with respect to such Product expires, at which time this Agreement shall expire in its entirety with respect to such Product in such country.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and unless terminated earlier by mutual written agreement of the Parties or pursuant to Section 9.2 (Termination At Will) or Section 9.3 (Termination for Cause) below, the term of this Agreement shall continue in effect until Achaogen ceases development and commercialization of Plazomicin ("Term").
Except as provided in Sections 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, and 6.5, this Agreement shall terminate one (1) year from the Rig Release Date, if such has not been terminated sooner pursuant to the provisions hereof.
The term of this Agreement shall be for 10 years commencing on the date of execution of this Agreement by AIRSOPURE.
The Term shall begin on the Effective Date and will end, without further notice, on the Expiration Date set forth in the Addendum, unless terminated earlier under the terms of this Agreement.<omitted>Expiration Date: at midnight on the last day of the month fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date
The term of this Agreement starts on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is earlier terminated in accordance with its provisions, will expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date.
You must operate the Franchise at a mutually agreeable site (the "Premises") to be identified after the signing of this Agreement, and to use the System and the Marks in the operation of that Franchise, for a term of 10 years (the "Initial Term")
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, this Agreement will expire on _______________________________________.
This Agreement shall be effective as of that date (the "Effective Date") the Site becomes fully operational as set forth in writing and executed by both Parties and shall continue for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date.
This Agreement will be effective beginning on 12:01 a.m., Eastern Time, on the day after the date of last signature to these Base Terms ("Effective Date") and ending on the expiration and/or termination of all Service Option Attachments, unless the Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and will terminate on the third anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreemen
This Agreement will take effect on the Effective Date and remain in effect for a period of 1 year; provided, that Sections 2 and 3 level shall terminate promptly upon (a) any action or omission by Client or any of its customers which constitutes a breach of or default by TrueLink under any System Agreement or Credit Repository Agreement, which breach or default has either not been cured or cannot be cured within the applicable cure period and the consequences of which is that TrueLink will lose material rights it had pursuant to said Agreements or (b) any violations or breach by Client of Sections 8a - 8c.
This agreement shall be for a term of five years from the date of this document.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.
"Term" means the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and continuing thereafter indefinitely until this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 10 below.
Subject to early termination of this Agreement pursuant to Sections 7.2, 7.3 or 7.4, this Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue until the expiration or earlier termination of the Development and License Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid for a period of five (5) years with automatic renewal of one year thereafter until terminated<omitted>by either party with one (1) year written notice prior to the expiration of the initial period or any extension period thereof.
Unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 12.2 below, the initial term of this Agreement shall expire on 31 December 2024 (the "Initial Term") unless the Parties mutually agree in writing any extension to the Initial Term.
This Agreement shall have a term of four (4) years from the effective date first set forth above, and shall automatically renew for additional one year terms unless earlier terminated by either party.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall extend for a period of Five (5) years thereafter ("Initial Term"), unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein or is extended by mutual written agreement of the Parties.
Unless terminated earlier as provided herein, this Agreement shall terminate on the date three (3) years from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement is three years from and including the date of this Agreement (the "Initial Term"), with automatic renewal for additional successive one-year terms (each a "Renewal Term" and together wit the Initial Term, the "Term") unless no later than [* * *] days prior to the end of the Initial Term, or any Renewal Term either party notifies the other that it wishes to terminate this Agreement effective the end of the Initial Term or that Renewal Term, as applicable.
Except as otherwise set forth in Sections 9.2 and 9.3 or Exhibit A hereof, the term of this Agreement shall be eighteen (18) months ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for a period of one year from the date of its execution and from year to year thereafter provided such continuance is specifically approved by a majority of the trustees of the Trust who (i) are not "interested persons" of the Trust or any other party to this Agreement, as defined in the 1940 Act, and (ii) have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of this Agreement ("Non- Interested Trustees").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3 of this Agreement, shall continue until the twentieth (20th) anniversary of the Effective Date; provided, however, (i) Operator shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Owner, if Operator provides a substitute operator acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, who (A) has experience operating similar assets, (B) has the ability to provide at least the same quality of service as Operator, (C) has the financial ability to perform the obligations hereunder, and (D) is ready, willing and able to execute an operation and maintenance agreement substantially similar to this Agreement and acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, and (ii) Owner shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Operator.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 8, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
To the extent not terminated previously by AIG pursuant to the foregoing, this Agreement will terminate automatically one year after the closing of any sale of the Company by AIG, and all provisions hereof will be of no further force and effect.
It shall be effective on 06 October 2000 and shall have a duration of two years.
Subject to termination pursuant to this Agreement, the Non Exclusive license granted by Licensor to Licensee shall be for an initial period of 36 months, commencing from the acceptance date, (the "Initial Period").
This Agreement and the license granted under this Agreement shall remain in effect perpetually as long as fees are paid by Sparkling in accordance with the Fee Schedule and the Agreement is not otherwise terminated in accordance with this Section.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for an initial period of five years until terminated in the manner described in Clause 16 below.
In addition, DCL may terminate this Agreement with effect from the 3rd, 4th or 5th anniversary of the Commencement Date by giving not less than six months notice in writing to SEV
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Services Commencement Date and remain effective for ten (10) years (the "Initial Term") unless terminated in accordance with its terms.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in operation for at least a period of twenty-five (25) years (hereinafter called "Initial Period") after the RFCS Date and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
This Agreement shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of: (i) the date on which the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement equal $5,000,000; (ii) the Release Date (as defined in Section 19) or (iii) payment in full, in cash, of all Obligations and the termination of the Financing Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement is less than $5,000,000 and any payment, or any part thereof, on account of any of the Obligations is invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Agent or the Lenders upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or reorganization of any Borrower or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for any Borrower, or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Article 9.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date and year first above written and shall continue in operation for at least an initial period of twenty-five (25) years following the RFS Date (hereinafter referred to as "initial Period") and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
Subject to the provisions of this AGREEMENT, and with effect from the date when the party signing last in time appends its signature to this agreement ("the effective date"), and enduring in perpetuity unless terminated as provided for elsewhere in this AGREEMENT, SAP AFRICA grants, and TELKOM accepts a non-exclusive, non-transferable licence to USE the SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION and other SAP AFRICA PROPRIETARY INFORMATION at the specified DESIGNATED SITE within the TERRITORY.
The licence granted hereunder shall become effective upon execution of this AGREEMENT by both parties and shall endure indefinitely unless terminated under clause 6. 2.
Upon expiration of that 12 months, MMMW affords the Customer the opportunity of a continuation of support on an annual basis as follows: The Initial Term of this Technical Infrastructure Maintenance Agreement is twelve months, commencing on the Effective Date.
This Agreement commences on the date first above written, and will remain in effect for the period of five (5) years, except as otherwise provided herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 7, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, shall continue for the duration of the Lease, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3.
The initial period of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue until March 31, 2003.
This OMA shall expire upon the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the Effective Date and (ii) the date that all Shares of Stock of the Seller Trusts as set forth on Schedule A hereto have been sold (the "Term").
The Term will be 3 years from Effective Date with an automatic 2 year term extensions unless otherwise advised by one of the Parties.
This Agreement between HEMISPHERX and SCIEN shall be in effect beginning the last date of execution set forth on the signature page to the Agreement (the "Effective Date") to which this Quality Agreement is Exhibit 2 and remain in effect until HEMISPHERX and SCIEN terminate the Agreement or it is superseded by a revised Quality Agreement executed by both parties.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue unless and until terminated as provided herein.
Subject to Article 22.2, this Agreement shall remain in force for an Initial Period of 1 year, which may be renewed by mutual consent for such period as the Parties may agree ("Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement or for any of the following reasons:
This Agreement begins on the Effective Date and shall continue indefinitely unless sooner terminated as provided in this Article 5.
This Agreement shall terminate as to the Remarketing Agent and its obligations hereunder with respect to VRRM-MFP Shares upon the earliest to occur of (a) the effective date of the resignation or removal of such Remarketing Agent pursuant to Section 5(a) and Section 5(b), respectively, (b) the completion of a successful Transition Remarketing on a New Mode Commencement Date in connection with transition to a new Mode, or (c) the date on which no VRRM-MFP Shares are Outstanding.
In addition, the<omitted>obligations of the Remarketing Agents may be terminated by them by notice given to the Company prior to 12:00 noon, New York City time on the Remarketing Settlement Date if, prior to that time, any of the applicable conditions precedent to the obligations of the Remarketing Agents described in Section 5 hereof shall have failed to occur.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to earlier termination in accordance with the provisions of Section 16, shall continue in force for a period being the longer of fifteen (15) years from first Commercial Launch of the Product in the Territory or until the expiration of the last valid claim in the PPI Patents covering the Product in any country of the Territory (the "Initial Term").
In addition, the obligations of the Remarketing Agent hereunder may be terminated by it by notice given to the Company prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date immediately preceding the Commencement Date if, prior to that time, any of the events described in Sections 6(i), (j) or (k) shall have occurred.
This Agreement shall terminate (i) the Business Day immediately following the Remarketing Settlement Date, (ii) at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the last date of the Remarketing if the Remarketing is not successful or (iii) on the effective date of the resignation or removal of the Remarketing Agent and the appointment of a new Remarketing Agent.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Agreement or extended by mutual agreement between the parties, shall continue in effect for thirty six (36) months following the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall be effective on the later of the dates that it is executed by Imprimis and Surgical (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate pursuant to the terms of the SOW (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided in this Agreement, the initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period beginning on the Effective Date and ending ten (10) years thereafter unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall be five years commencing on the Effective Date and ending at the close of business on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement shall commence with the first race ----- of the 1998 Winston Cup season and shall continue until the final race of the year-2000 Winston Cup season.
The term of this Agreement will begin on December 15, 1997 and will end the later of (i) December 15, 1999 or (ii) Excite's delivery of all of the guaranteed Click-throughs described in Section 1(f).
This Agreement shall terminate and, subject to the provisions set forth below, be of no further force or effect on the exercise by the Sponsor of its right to terminate this Agreement as provided in subsection 6.2, provided that, in any event, sections 3, 7 and 8 and, in the event that such termination occurs by virtue of paragraph 6.2(b), subsection 2.5 shall not terminate (except as set forth therein) and shall continue in full force and effect for the benefit of the Sponsor or the other parties to this Agreement, as the case may be.
The term (the "Term") shall commence on November 1, 2007 and end on October 31, 2008 (unless terminated earlier in accordance with the General Provisions).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force and effect until one (1) year subsequent to the Effective Date, provided however, that Tickets may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon thirty (30) days' notice to MP3. com at any time prior to the expiration of sixty (60) days subsequent to the Effective Date.
This term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and terminates on August 2nd, 2015 upon completion of event.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for six (6) months.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue in effect for a period of five (5) years (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions set out herein.
This Agreement shall continue in force for a term of twelve (12) months from the Effective Date, unless terminated earlier under the provisions of this Article 8 (the "Term"); PROVIDED that TouchStar shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time after the Effective Date upon not less than fifteen (15) days' prior written notice to Reseller.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for an Initial Term of five (5) years, and will automatically renew for additional periods of five (5) years unless one Party notifies the other of its intention not to renew, no less than 12 months prior to the expiration of the then-current term, unless terminated as permitted under this Agreement.
This Agreement comes into force as of the Effective Date and shall remain valid during the term of the LSA.
This Supply Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue for a period of [***] unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Supply Agreement.
Unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.2 below, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a FIVE (5) year period.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of its execution and shall remain in force for three years (the "Initial Term").
The term of this Supply Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date first set forth above and shall remain in effect until the later of (a) July 31, 2021 or (b) the date that the Parties enter into the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement and Sutro is supplying to SutroVax each Product under the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement (the "Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with Section 10.2.
The term of this Agreement will commence upon the Effective Date and will continue until the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated or extended under this Article 8 (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of the Services, unless terminated as set out herein, shall continue up to and including 28 February 2000 ("the Initial Term").
This Development Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and continue for four (4) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 10.2, or unless the parties extend the term by mutual written Development Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement will be in effect for one year from the Effective Date and will automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods unless terminated as provided below.
This Agreement shall be effective through and including March 31, 2004.
This Agreement shall be effective until the earlier of (a) its termination in accordance with the provisions of this Article 14 or (b) the date that is two (2) years after the date of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement will renew automatically for successive terms of one (1) year each unless a party to this Agreement delivers written notice of termination to the other party to this Agreement at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the original or any renewal term or the parties to this Agreement do not agree in writing to the Quota Amount referred to in subsection 14.2(b)(1) for any one (1) year renewal term at least sixty (60) days prior to the commencement of such term.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on January 1, 2000 and continue for an initial period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 7 hereof, and may be renewed under Section 8 hereof (the initial period plus any renewal period, the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This agreement shall begin upon the date of its execution by MA and acceptance in writing by Company and shall remain in effect until the end of the current calendar year and shall be automatically renewed for successive one (1) year periods unless otherwise terminated according to the cancellation or termination provisions contained in paragraph 18 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall terminate on June 30, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement commences as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to any express provision of this Agreement, shall continue until five (5) years following the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b) [Term and Termination].
The term of this Agreement shall be effective as of the date first stated above and shall continue for a term of three (3) years, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement (the "Term"); provided, however, that PrimeCall may elect to terminate this Agreement, upon thirty (30) days' written notice, at any time from and after the time that collectively RSL Communications, Ltd. and/or its Affiliates holds less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of DeltaThree's outstanding shares.
This Agreement will become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated pursuant to Sections 3.1<omitted>, shall remain effective for two (2) years from and after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This agreement shall commence as of date first above written, and shall Continue through December 31, 2004 ("the Term").
The Term shall commence on July 23, 2013 and shall expire on July 22, 2016, unless otherwise terminated earlier pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall have an Initial Term of three (3) years.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for a period of five years following the initial date of execution of the Memorandum, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 6.2 or Section 2.8 ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall begin as of the Effective Date and continue until Acceptance of all Deliverables for Milestones #1 and #2 pursuant to Section 3.4 and completion of Milestone #3, unless earlier terminated under Section 8.2, as provided for under the Other Agreements, or as mutually agreed by the Parties.
The term of this Agreement shall automatically become effective upon the occurrence of (i) ETON executing a commercial supply agreement with a contract manufacturing organization within forty-five (45) days of the Execution Date, provided that ETON has exercised best efforts to execute such agreement and the failure to execute is solely caused by the refusal or inability of the proposed manufacturing organization to sign a reasonable agreement; and (ii) acceptance for review of the Dossier or marketing application for [ * * * ] by the FDA no later than September 2, 2019 (such date, the "Effective Date") and shall end upon the termination or expiration of the Agreement as set forth in Section 11 (the "Term").
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Article, this Agreement will continue in full force beginning on the Effective Date and ending two (2) years thereafter ("Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the longer of the first anniversary of the Effective Date or the duration of the Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement (the "Term").
This agreement begins on the Commencement Date and, subject to clause 11.2, shall continue for an initial term of one (1) years (Initial Term) and indefinitely after that until terminated by either party giving at least twelve (12) months' prior written notice to expire on or after the expiry date of the initial term.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date first written above and shall continue in effect for a period of Three (3) years.
This Agreement shall become effective upon the date first written above and shall remain in full force and effect for a period of two years (2), unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions in this Agreement.
Unless terminated earlier as provided in this agreement, this Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms hereo
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and automatically renewing annually thereafter, unless either party provides a thirty-day notice of written termination one to the other ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of four (4) years, commencing on the Effective Date, which term may be extended for up to three (3) years by written agreement of both Parties prior to the expiration date of the initial term or any extension thereof (collectively, the "Term").
The term of the Franchise shall be twenty (20) years, commencing on January 1, 2016.
The term of this Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue until terminated as hereinafter provided (the "Term").
Terms of the project: 12 weeks from February 8, 2018 to May 3, 2018
This Agreement shall come into force on the Date of the Agreement, and shall, subject to article 18, remain in full force and effect for an initial period of *** from the Commercial Launch Date.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for one (I) year, unless earlier terminated as expressly provided in Sections 1.3. 10.1. or 10.2 of this Agreement (the *Initial Term")
This Agreement will remain in effect for Thirty-six (36)<omitted>months following the Hosting Service Ready Date ("Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Article XVI, this IP Agreement and the licenses granted herein will continue in effect from the Effective Date until the expiration of the last to expire of the Patents and any additional period of time thereafter that any of the Patents remain enforceable such as in the United States where a party can sue for infringement after a patent expires and seek damages for any infringement of the patent during the six years immediately preceding the filing of a suit for infringement.
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate on December 31, 2034 (such period, including as may be extended in accordance with the subsequent sentence, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article 11, shall expire on the last day of the Royalty Term.
This term of this Agreement shall commence on the EFFECTIVE DATE and shall continue, in each country, until the date of expiration of the last to expire patent within PATENT RIGHT(S) in that country.
The "Term" of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration or earlier termination of the last Addendum to expire or be terminated, at which time this Agreement will expire, unless this Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") (a) shall commence on the first day of the Warranty Period for the first Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation and (b) shall, unless terminated earlier under Section 4.1 of this Agreement or unless extended by mutual agreement of the Parties, terminate on the date that is the last day of the Warranty Period for the last Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation.
Subject to all other terms and conditions set forth herein, as of the date of this agreement, LEADER maintain the software for an additional five years.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of year as of the Effective Date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated, shall continue in full force and effect for a period of [***] years thereafter.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect for an initial term of **** from the Supply Commencement Date of the Product ("Initial Term").
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Facility Addendum, this Agreement (a) shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of four (4) years from such date (the "Initial Term" of this Agreement), unless sooner terminated pursuant to Section 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 or 7.7, and (b) may be extended for up to three (3) additional periods of twelve (12) months (each, an "Extension Period") by written notice given by Customer to Manufacturer not less than twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Extension Period, as the case may be.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the 60th day following a written notice from one party to the other of its decision to terminate this Agreement at the end of such 60-day period or upon termination of the applicable Distribution Agreement with respect to a Fund.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on the date hereof (the "Commencement Date"), and will continue until the earlier of (i) December 31, 2022, (ii) the termination or expiration of the Studio Lease (defined below), (iii) election to terminate and notice thereof given by Programmer to Licensee, and (iv) mutual written consent of Licensee and Programmer (the "Term"), unless extended or earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11 hereof.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a period of five (5) years from the Reseller's first purchase order for Product issued to Todos (the "Initial Term"), unless terminated earlier by one of the parties in accordance with the terms of this Section 11.
The term of this JSMA shall commence on May 1, 2020 (the "Commencement Date") and ends at April 30, 2029 (the "Term"), with automatic renewals each for a period of five (5) years (a "Renewal Term") unless notice is given pursuant to 5.2.
Unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of Section ​12, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until July 31, 2019 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid until the [* * *] (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue to be in full force and effect for so long as Photronics and DNP, or any of their Affiliates, each remains a Shareholder of the Company.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect through December 31, 2021 and any Renewal Term (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier as set forth herein.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 12, shall extend until the four (4) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on September 10, 2015 and shall continue for One (1) Year (the "Term").
This Agreement becomes effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 11, shall continue until the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect for an initial period of 1 year ("Initial Term").
This term of this Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereto shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in perpetuity (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions contained herein.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of twelve (12) full calendar months ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term"), unless mutually extended by written agreement of the Parties or unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall commence effective as of the date hereof and shall expire on December 31, 2028.
This Agreement shall continue until January 18, 2022, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods ending on January 18th of each year, provided such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (a) the Fund's Board of Trustees and (b) a vote of a majority (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund's Trustees who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of the Plan, in this Agreement, or any agreement related to the Plan (the "Qualified Trustees"), by vote cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting on such approval.
With respect to each of the Services, the term thereof will be for a period commencing as of the date hereof, unless a different date is specified as the commencement date for any applicable Service on Exhibit A or Exhibit B (either, a "Commencement Date"), and shall continue until 12 months following the Commencement Date unless (i) such other date as is specified as the termination date for any applicable Service in this Agreement or on Exhibit A or Exhibit B, as applicable (the "Term") or (ii) earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement (a "Termination Date").
Cellco's appointment as custodian is effective as of the Initial Cutoff Date and will continue until the later of (i) the date on which all obligations of the Issuer have been paid in full and (ii) the date on which such appointment is terminated under this Section 3.10(f).
This Agreement will terminate on the earlier to occur of (a) the date upon which the last remaining Receivable is paid in full, settled, sold or written off and any amounts received are applied and (b) the Issuer is terminated under Section 8.1 of the Trust Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence as of April 1, 2018 (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon the later of: (a) the conclusion of the 2022/23 NFL season and (b) the last day in February, 2023 (such expiration date, the "Scheduled Expiration Date"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be valid for five (5) years from February 1, 2019 through January 31, 2024 unless this Agreement is terminated earlier pursuant to Section 14 (the "Term").
The term of this agreement will begin on April 1, 2018 and continue until April 30, 2018 at 11:59pm.
This agreement is for a term of ten (10) years.
This Agreement shall commence on March 15, 2018 and will expire on March 14, 2020 unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 13 of the Agreement (the "Term")
The Contract is valid for 5 years, beginning from and ended on .
The "Term" of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will end on the earlier of: (a) the first anniversary of the expiration date of the last Purchase Schedule (as defined in this next Section); (b) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party any time after the expiration of the last Purchase Schedule; or (c) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party as provided in Subsection 11(d) of this Agreement.
Termination Date: December 31, 2023
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the time periods set forth in Schedules 1 and 2 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and continues in perpetuity, unless termination occurs pursuant to Sections 4.2 through 4.4.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
The license granted to the Licensee under this Agreement shall continue perpetually
This Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
TERM: November 01, 2014 to October 31, 2017
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
Period of transportation services: this Agreement is valid for an indefinite term.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and unless earlier terminated as provided elsewhere in this Agreement, will end automatically upon the end of Year 3.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for one (1) year following the Launch Date, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
The Term shall commence on the date of this Agreement and, unless earlier terminated or extended as provided below, shall end as of December 31, 2000.
The term of this Agreement shall be for a period of two (2) years (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall end fifteen months therefrom.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon delivery of [**] to ebix, but in no way shall this Agreement extend any later than thirty (30) months from the Effective Date regardless of the number Filled Application Forms delivered to ebix. About will make commercially reasonable efforts to achieve that number in twelve (12) months or less from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end three (3) years from the date the Co-Branded Application becomes accessible to Excite@Home Members ("Launch Date").
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the date above, and shall continue for a term of one (1) year
Term shall mean the Effective Date through June 15, 2001 and any Renewal Term (as defined in paragraph 7.4 herein.)
INITIAL TERM shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the second anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11.
Initial Term shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the fourth anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8
This Agreement shall be effective upon the ------------------- Effective Date and shall remain in force for a period of one (1) year, and shall be automatically renewed for successive periods of one (1) year unless otherwise terminated as provided herein.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in force for three years from the Launch Date (the "Initial Term") unless earlier
"Launch Date" means the first date on which the Service is made publicly available.<omitted>This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date and will continue in effect for 2 years following the Launch Date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall ----------------------- commence on the Effective Date and end on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the date that the Affiliate Registration Form is approved by Chase and will end when terminated by either party.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of five (5) years from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term") after which this Agreement may be extended on mutual agreement of the parties (a "Renewal Term," and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
This Agreement will remain in force for perpetuity or until and unless otherwise mutually agreed or amended in writing by both parties.
The term of this Agreement will begin upon acceptance of Affiliate's Program application and will end when terminated by either party of this Agreement.
This Agreement is entered into for an unlimited period of time.
This Agreement shall be for the term of one year; thereafter, the Agreement shall renew automatically under these same terms and agreements unless superceded by future agreements.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until either Party informs the other Party with thirty (30) day prior written notice of termination of this Agreement.
The "Initial Term" shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire on March 31, 2011.
The term ("Term") of this Agreement shall be for one hundred eighty days (180) from the date set forth below unless Network 1 or Visa or MasterCard or Harris Bank doesn't approve Affiliate's ISO application, in which case, the Term will be 3 years.
Unless sooner terminated under the provisions hereof, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of one (1) year ("Term"). provided however, that the Parties may extend the Term for an additional year period by entering into an written addendum of the Agreement extending such term.
"CONTRACT PERIOD" means that period of time commencing upon the full execution of this Agreement by both Parties and terminating on May 31, 2016 unless sooner terminated under this Agreement.
All terms of this Agreement will automatically commence on November 1st, 2017, and expire on November 2nd, 2020.
"Term" means: 1.5t January 2013 to 315t December 2013 or until terminated under the provisions of this Agreement or the Primary Agreement.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time from February 21, 2011 through December 31, 2012.
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and ending on February 19, 2013 ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for two years from the date hereof, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (A) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund and (B) the vote of a majority of the Fund's directors who are not parties to this Agreement or "interested persons" (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Fund Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the Investment Fund Act.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this ARTICLE 13, shall remain in effect on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the expiration of the Royalty Term applicable to such Product and country (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect until the expiration of the Sublicense Agreement, unless earlier termination by pursuant to the terms of this Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4 of this Agreement, will continue until the expiration of the Warranty Period as defined in subsection 9(a) of this Agreement.
Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, the Parties' respective rights and obligations under this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force for ten (10) years after the First Commercial Sale of the first Licensed Product, and shall thereafter automatically renew for an unlimited period of time unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Section 15.2.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein, unless earlier terminated by either party, this Agreement shall expire on ______, 20___, and all rights of Developer herein shall cease and all unapplied or unused Development Fees paid pursuant to Section 3 hereof shall be forfeited to Franchisor.
Unless terminated pursuant to Section 10 or 11 below, it shall expire upon the earlier of the date specified in Exhibit "B" or upon the opening of the last El Pollo Loco® Restaurant listed in the Development Schedule.
Dr. Murray's obligations set out herein shall be performed from the Effective Date until December 31, 2018 (the initial "Services Term").
Except as otherwise stated herein as pertaining only to a Services Term, this Agreement shall remain in effect for ten years, unless terminated in accordance with Sections 6.1 (a) or 6.2(b).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance herewith, shall continue in force and effect until (a) the date of expiration of the last Royalty Term for the last Licensed Product, or (b) the expiration of the License Option Period and the failure of AbbVie to exercise the License Option (such period, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") will begin on the date this Agreement is signed by the last signatory ("Effective Date") and remain in effect for [***]; provided, however, that the terms of this Agreement shall remain applicable to any SOW that was executed by the Parties prior to the expiration or termination of this Agreement but whose period of performance extends beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue thereafter for a period of twelve (12) months (the "Initial Term").
The Term shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of five (5) years.
The term "Term" shall mean an initial term of five years, automatically renewable thereafter for successive 5-year terms unless either party provides prior written notice of termination not less than 90 days prior to the end of such five-year term; provided, however, T&B shall have the right to terminate the license after the first year of the Term if LEA does not conduct the Business so as to meet the Cash Sales benchmarks set by the parties for years two through five of the Term, as set forth in Section 3.3, below.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless the Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will come into effect on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force for ten (10) years from the Launch (the "Initial Term"), or the date of expiry of the last valid patent of the Licensed Product, whichever comes later, subject to clauses 19.2, 19.3, 19.4 and 19.5 hereunder
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will commence on the Effective Date and will expire upon the earliest of (i) termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 14.2, or (ii) the date of payment of the last Approval Payment due based on all applicable Regulatory Approvals which have been received.
The term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article XII, shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration of Sanofi's payment obligations under Article IX or the Profit/Loss Share Agreement, whichever is later (the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 14 hereof (the "Term").
This Agreement commences on the date it is executed and shall continue until full performance by both parties, or until earlier terminated by one party under the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will be for the maximum period of six (6) months beginning for the commencement date, renewable in accordance with the terms hereof, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.
This Agreement will be in effect for three (3) years from the Effective Date ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Unless otherwise stated in the Appendix the term of this letter Agreement shall continue for twenty-four (24) months with the effective date unless terminated sooner or extended pursuant to the terms hereof ("Initial Term")
Contract end: 04-01-08
The initial term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and end twelve (12) months after the Launch (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b).
This Agreement and the provisions hereof, except as otherwise provided, shall be in full force and effect commencing on the date of execution by both Parties and shall extend for an initial term of two (2) years.
This Agreement will become effective as of the last date of signature (Effective Date) and shall, unless sooner terminated as provided below or as otherwise agreed, remain effective for an initial term of 10 Years following the first date of public availability of the PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Content within a THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION Property (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the date on which it is signed and affixed with the corporate seals by the authorized representative of each Party and have a term of five (5) years commencing as of the effective date hereof.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, except as set forth in Subsection (ii), continue in full force and effect through the Delivery Period.
This agreement will be in effect until the end of 2006 and will be evaluated at that time.
This Agreement shall take effect from the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect for twenty (20) years thereafter, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Clause 8.
Expiration Date: August 31, 2006
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on the Expiration Date set forth above (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 3(b).
The Term of the Agreement is hereby extended to January 20, 2012 unless sooner terminated as provided for in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be in effect until March 18. 2021, unless sooner terminated by either party upon (30) days written notice, without cause.
This contract shall remain in effect initially for the five (5) year term ("Initial Term") from the date signed and shall be automatically extended for one (1) year periods after the Initial Term ("Renewal Term") unless (i) either party provides written notice of its intention not to renew the Agreement within 180 days prior to any Renewal Term; or (ii) this Agreement is otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms of this Section 12.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate in _____________, on _____________, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement may be renewed for successive one (1) year periods if STAAR and Distributor expressly agree in writing and in their sole discretion to renew this Agreement prior to the foregoing termination date or any successive renewal term.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until September 1, 2045, unless earlier terminated by either Party pursuant to this Article 12 (the "Term").
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, all rights and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect for a period of eighteen (18) months after the initial theatrical release of that Property.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, including Robots, Kingdom of Heaven, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, In Her Shoes, Idiocracy (Oww My Balls) and Ice Age II, all right and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect until March 31, 2008."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Term") is the Effective Date through March 15, 2022.
This Agreement expires ten (10) years from the Agreement Date (the "Term"), unless it is terminated sooner as provided in other sections of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided under this Agreement, shall terminate five (5) years following the date of launch of the first Website, but in no event later than February 28, 2013 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue thereafter for a period of two (2) years, unless extended by written agreement of both parties or sooner terminated as set forth below.
This Agreement and the license granted herein shall remain effective until terminated.
Unless otherwise provided herein, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue through the completion or termination of Developer's services and work product as mutually agreed upon between the Parties (the Project).
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Commencement Date and will continue through December 31, 2022 or until this Agreement is otherwise terminated in accordance with its provisions ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate automatically without notice on December 31, 2022, unless the Parties agree in writing to extend the term of the Agreement (the initial term and any renewal terms are referred to collectively herein as the "Term").
This Second Amendment shall be effective from The Second Amendment Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2021.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue for a period of three (3) years therefrom (the "Term").
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue until termination as provided below.
This Agreement is for a term (the "Term") of 12 months from the Effective Date on June 1s t 2020 and expiring May 31st 2021.
This Agreement shall be in full force and effect commencing on January 2, 2020 and shall remain in effect for one (1) year or until Consultant completes the services requested
The term of this Agreement shall commence on January 10th, 2019 and shall expire on the day that is twenty-four (24) months from that date (the "Term of Engagement") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Term: twelve (12) months from the date of the Agreement which term shall automatically renew for an additional twelve (12) months on such date if the Agreement is not otherwise terminated according to Section 8 of the Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be the sooner of six (6) months from the Effective Date, or replacement of this Agreement with a subsequent agreement between the Parties.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the four-year anniversary of the Effective Date (such period, as it may be extended, either by the mutual written agreement of the parties or automatically, or earlier terminated being referred to as the "Consultation Period"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4, and shall automatically renew for successive one-year periods, unless the Company provides 90 days' notice of termination before any such successive period.
The term of this Agreement is for a period of five (5) years (the "Term") commencing on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the termination provisions of this Agreement, ending on January 31, 2025.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall expire twenty (20) years from the effective date of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
The term of this Agreement for the Hosted Site shall commence upon April 1, 1999 and shall continue for a period of six (6) months, unless earlier terminated in accordance with provisions hereof.
This Agreement shall continue in effect from the Effective Date for a one (1) year period, unless earlier terminated as set forth below, and thereafter shall renew automatically for successive one (1) year periods unless either party gives the other party at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of its intent not to renew the Agreement.
The effective term is 12 months beginning March 1, 2005 and ending February 28, 2006.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a period of 12 months thereafter (the "Period") in full force and effect until it is terminated in accordance with this Section 3.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated under this Article, shall continue in effect until the Conversion Date (the "Term"); provided that, with respect to any LMG Tools identified in Exhibit A as having a license term beyond the Conversion Date, TAG's License to, and LMG's obligation to provide LMG Services for, such LMG Tools shall survive for the period specified in Exhibit A.
The term of this Agreement is for ten (10) years commencing on the date of this Agreement, unless terminated as provided by this Agreement.
The obligations of the Agent pursuant to this Agreement shall terminate upon termination of the Offering, but in no event later than 45 days after the completion of the Subscription Offering (the "End Date").
The initial term of this Agreement is one (1) year from the date of delivery of the Product to Licensee unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
1 April 2009
The maintenance is for a period of one (1) year commencing upon expiration of the initial one (1) year term of the License/Services Schedule.
XIMAGE's obligations hereunder shall become effective upon the "Effective Date" and, unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall remain in full force and effect for at least one year thereafter.
This Agreement be deemed effective as of the Effective Date, Agreement and shall terminate on December 31, 2020, unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 3.2.
This Agreement shall continue in force until the earlier to occur of (i) the Owner no longer owns any Receivables or Participation Interests, and (ii) subject to Section 7(d), the delivery of written notice of termination by the Owner to the Servicer pursuant to Section 7(c), in each case upon which event this Agreement shall automatically terminate unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Servicer and the Owner.
Agent's appointment hereunder shall commence on the next business day after the later of (i) the date hereof, or (ii) the date Agent has confirmed that Client's records have been converted to Agent's system (the "Effective Date"), and shall continue for three years thereafter (the "Initial Term").
In relation to each Fund, this Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (a) the expiration of the term of such Fund or (b) the date, if any, on which Oaktree US (or any affiliate it has substituted in its stead in accordance with such Fund's Fund Agreement) is removed as general partner of such Fund or (c) the Sub-Advisor ceasing to be authorised and regulated by the FCA.
This Agreement shall take effect on the date of signature of the Agreement by both parties and shall terminate when all obligations required of both parties hereunder are performed unless either terminated earlier or extended by the parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement subject to clause 4.0.
At any time that there is no uncompleted Statement of Work outstanding, either party may terminate this Agreement for any or no reason upon fifteen (15) days advance notice to the other.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof and shall continue until terminated by either party pursuant to Paragraph 6 hereof.
The term of this Services Agreement shall begin on the date of execution and shall continue in effect for a period of two years.
Subject to the provisions for termination hereinafter provided, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a minimum period of 12 months (the "Minimum Period") and thereafter upon the mutual agreement of the Company and Maimon (the "Service Term").
This Agreement shall terminate (a) at the option of any party, upon 90 days' advance written notice to the other parties hereto; or (b) in the event of a material breach that has not been cured within ten days following a written notice of breach to the breaching party.
This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by the Parties.
The Appointment may be terminated by either party giving the other at least 12 months' notice in writing.
Your employment shall commence on 26 September 2019 and shall continue unless and until either party gives notice to the other in accordance with paragraph 11 below.
This Agreement shall terminate immediately and automatically upon the termination of Company's Participation Agreement(s) with the Funds, and in such event no notice need be given hereunder.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
"Service Period" means April. 1st 2019 through to March 30, 2020<omitted>The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
Subject to earlier termination as provided below, this Service Agreement is for the total duration of the Company's Offering (the "Initial Term") unless either party requests termination at least 30 days prior to the end of the then-current term.
The Executive's employment with the Company will commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue, subject to the remaining terms of this Agreement, until terminated by either party giving the other the following minimum advance written notice: 2.1.1 6 weeks' notice; 2.1.2 such other longer period as required by law.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the day and year first above written and shall govern the relations between the parties hereto thereafter, unless terminated as set forth in this Section 6.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year, commencing January 1, 2008 and ending on December 31, 2008.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate at the end of the Exclusivity Period (i.e., a three (3) year period commencing on the Effective Date).
Subject to the provisions of Section 14 hereof, the term of this Agreement and the sponsorship described herein shall commence on January 1, 2010 and extend through December 31, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be four (4) Processing Years commencing on the Effective Date of this Agreement and ending on June 30, 2010 unless
This Agreement shall automatically terminate at and as of (the first to occur of): (a) 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on the 30th day after the Effective Date (if Purchaser has not commenced the Offer, with the unanimous consent of the Sponsors, by then); (b) the expiration of the Offer (if the Offer is not consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), subject to any extension or subsequent offering period; and (c) the expiration of the Interim Period (if the Offer is consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), in any case, unless sooner terminated by unanimous written consent of the Participating Sponsors; provided, however, that any liability for failure to comply with this Agreement shall survive any such termination.
Unless otherwise terminated as specified in this Section 12, the ---- term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and will not end until the later of (a) twelve (12) months from the Launch Date; or (2) the date Intuit displays a total of 176,717,916 Impressions in accordance with the terms set forth herein ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the "Effective Date" and shall continue for ten (10) Contract Years, unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 6 of this Agreement or extended by renewal by written agreement of the Parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 13(o) of this Agreement (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided for herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence as of the date hereof and shall terminate at the end of the Season which is scheduled to end on October 12, 2002 (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and conclude on October 31, 2010, unless renewed by agreement or sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
If the Launch Date has not occurred by August 31, 1999, Sponsor shall, in its sole discretion, be entitled to terminate this Agreement without any liability and receive a full refund of all amounts paid by Sponsor to drkoop.com pursuant to this Agreement prior to the date of such termination.
The initial term (the "Initial Term"; and together with all extensions and renewals, the "Term") will begin on the date set forth above * * * (the "Launch Date") on which: (i) each of the Sponsor Areas of the drkoop.com Website are operational in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (other than the e-commerce tile placements); and (ii) the links to the<omitted>Sponsor Website or Vitamin Buzz contained in the Sponsor logos or the Sponsor banner advertisements are established in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, subject to earlier termination as set forth in this Agreement.
In the event that Excite has not delivered XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX clickthroughs to the Client Site by the end of twelve (12) months after the Launch Date, the first year of the term of the Agreement will be extended without additional sponsorship and advertising fees for up to an additional four (4) months.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not end until Excite displays of a total of XXXXXXXXXXXXX impressions of Client's advertising banners and promotional placements on the Excite Site and Excite has made reasonable commercial efforts to deliver, at minimum, a goal of XXXXXXXX clickthroughs to the Client Site.
Regardless of Excite's actual delivery of impressions and clickthroughs, the term of this Agreement will not be shorter than two (2) years after the display of the first of Client's advertising banners and promotional placements, subject to the termination rights set forth below.
The initial production period shall be for a period of two (2) months to commence on November 4, 1998 (the "Production Period"), and the remaining term of this Agreement shall be for a period of twenty four (24) months to commence on the tentative launch date of January 4, 1999, unless terminated earlier as provided herein (the "Promotion Period"), (The Production Period and the Promotion Period shall be collectively referred to as the "Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and, unless terminated as provided herein, shall continue through November 30, 1998.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on July 19, 1999 and shall ---- thereafter continue until all above described Sponsor benefits are completed, but in no event beyond the end of the 1999 season (the "Term").
If Hydron does not timely exercise its right to terminate this Agreement, then Hydron agrees that this Agreement shall continue for the entire four (4) year term unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end on the second (2nd) anniversary of the Commencement Date.
Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall take effect on December 1st, 2015 and shall expire on November 30, 2016.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the specific terms of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not end until Excite displays a total of [*****] impressions of the Client advertising banners and promotional placements on the Excite Network as described in this Agreement and pushes [*****] emails using the email vehicles specified in Exhibit B
The services described herein to be provided by Agency shall begin upon execution and delivery of the Outsourcing Agreement and shall continue until termination of Contractor's activities to administer the Notes thereunder.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the date first set forth above, and shall continue in full force and effect until terminated as provided below.
The initial term ("Initial Term") of this Agreement shall be for one year commencing on the 1st day of May, 2006 ("Effective Date").
This agreement shall commence on January 20, 2014 (the "Effective Date") and shall continue in effect for six (6) months (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of the contracted agreement is 5 years from the commencement date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and extend for three (3) years thereafter ("INITIAL TERM"), with an automatic renewal for an indefinite period of time ("EXTENDED TERM"), unless terminated by the parties according to Sections 16.2. or 16.3. herein.
The term of this Agreement will commence on January 1, 1998 (the "Effective Date") and will end on December 31, 1998.
"Term" shall mean the period commencing on the Effective Date and terminating on the eighth anniversary of the Commencement Date, unless the Agreement is extended in accordance with its provisions.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on November 30, 2014 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall be valid for an indefinite period.
This Attachment and its Product Attachments shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in Section 5.0 of the Base Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in Section 5.0.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms hereof, the term of this Agreement shall end on the seventh anniversary of the date hereof.
This Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement will be for two (2) year(s) commencing on the Effective Date.
This Agreement is effective as of August 1, 2004, (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate on July 31, 2009, (the "Termination Date") unless earlier terminated or extended as provided for herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date unless sooner terminated pursuant to the termination provisions herein.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of 1 year after the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated as set forth herein (the "TERM").
This Amendment shall enter into force on the date of its signature by both Parties and, unless otherwise agreed upon in writing by the Parties through a subsequent amendment to the GMA, shall remain in force for the term of the referenced GMA.
The Agreement shall end on the End Date without any further action, unless otherwise provided under this Agreement.
"End Date" means the date on which this Agreement is terminated or expires, and shall be the earlier to occur of the following, as appropriate: (i) the end of the Initial Term as defined in Clause 3.1of this Agreement; or, (ii) the end of the term of each annual renewal of this Agreement as per Clause 3.2 of this Agreement; or, (iii) the date on which all or part of this Agreement is terminated as per Clause 16 ("Termination");
The Agreement enters into force on the Signing Date; it will have a duration of [*****] as from the Start Date (the "Initial Term").
The first paid (Initial) Maintenance Term shall commence upon expiration of the Warranty Period and shall continue for twelve (12) months thereafter.
This Agreement shall apply and remain in effect from the Effective Date and perpetually thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the Section entitled "Termination."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the date that payment is due for Minimum Payment Period 7, pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof and as set forth in Attachment B hereof, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
This Agreement shall come into force on the Effective Date and shall remain in force and effect for a period of [Redacted - Commercially Sensitive - Term Details] , unless this Agreement is extended or previously terminated in accordance with this clause 12, pursuant to clause 15.1 (Force Majeure), or (ii) by the mutual written consent of the Parties (the "Term").
The Agreement shall have an initial term of ten (10) years commencing from the Effective Date and ending on the tenth (10th) anniversary thereof (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of Section 15.2 or Section 15.3.
The "Term" shall begin on the date hereof and shall expire December 31, 2023, subject to early termination pursuant to the terms of Section 19. Flotek, may, by written notice given to FCC on or before September 30, 2023, elect for the Term to be extended to December 31, 2024.
TERM OF EXECUTION From January 30, 2012 until July 29, 2012
Subject to the General Terms and Conditions of Transporter's FERC Gas Tariff and Rate Schedule FTS/ITS, this Agreement shall be effective as of the date of physical completion of and initial deliveries on Transporter's pipeline and shall continue for a primary term of ten years.
This Agreement shall be effective from the date first above written and shall continue indefinitely until terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
The Agreement shall continue through the project's in-service date and for a period of fifteen (15) years after the project's in-service date ("Initial Term").
"Initial Term" means the period commencing on the Effective Date and concluding on the last day of the month in which the fifth anniversary of the Offtake Agreement Effective Date falls.
"Offtake Agreement" means that certain Crude Oil Sale and Purchase Agreement between the Principal and STASCO dated 1 November 1999.
This contract shall be effective as of November 1, 2002, and shall remain in force and effect, unless modified as per Exhibit B, until October 31, 2012.
"Royalty Term" means, with respect to sales of a Product in the Territory, the time period beginning on the First Commercial Sale of such Product in the Territory and expiring on the latest of the following dates: (a) *** (b) *** (c) ***<omitted>Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall continue in effect until the expiration of the Royalty Term as defined in Section 1.87 ("Term"), and thereafter Green Cross has no remaining payment obligations with respect to the Products pursuant to Section 8.5 above and MacroGenics shall have no further obligations hereunder.
The term of the agreement is 20 years, during which if any main equipment of any Party stops operation due to technical problem or at the end of its life cycle, the agreement shall be automatically terminated.
This Agreement shall come into force as of January 1, 2013 and remain valid for 1 year.
As of the effective date hereof, the original cooperation of mobile game business executed between the Parties shall terminate automatically.
Party A and Party B agree and confirm that the term of cooperation under this Agreement shall commence from the execution date hereof and end on the expiration date of the operation term of Party B ("Term of Cooperation").
Unless this Agreement is early terminated in accordance with this Agreement or other agreements signed by the Parties hereof, the term of the validity of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date.
"Intended End of Term" means the later of (a) the seventh (7th) anniversary of the Effective Date and (b) the date determined to be the "Intended End of Term" under Section 7.2.2(d) (Effects of Tolling).<omitted>This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms, including by Ginkgo pursuant to Section 7.3 (Buy-Down Election) or extended by the mutual written agreement of the Parties, shall continue until the Intended End of Term (such time period, as may be extended pursuant to this Section 13.3.1 (Term - General), the "Term"); provided that, if,<omitted>at the expiration of the Intended End of Term, Ginkgo has paid the Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitment, but will not have paid to BLI the Full Purchase Target, then the Term of this Agreement shall automatically extend for an additional [***] ([***]) year period from the date of the expiration of the then-Intended End of Term so that, among other things, BLI may potentially receive the benefit of the Full Purchase Target and Ginkgo may receive the continuing benefit of royalty-free licenses.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial term of three (3) years from the Promotion Commencement Date, divided into three one-year periods.
Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall commence effective June 1, 1998, and shall continue for a term of three (3) years expiring May 31, 2001 (the "Term").
"Term" means the earlier of: (a) the end of the two year period from the Effective Date to 31 July 2013; or (b) the last day of the calendar month within which the Maximum Distribution Commitment is reached.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as set out in this Agreement, shall continue for the Term.
This promotion shall begin on June 1,1999 and shall terminate June 1, 2000 (herein "Term")
The Joint Venture shall commence on the 1st of March, 2003, and shall be effective until February 28, 2004 unless extended by written agreement of the Joint Venturers not less than thirty (30) days prior to scheduled termination.
Except as otherwise provided herein, the term of this Agreement is three (3) years from the Execution Date ("Cooperation Period").
The term of this Agreement is twelve (12) months from the date hereof, and will be automatically renewed for one (1) additional twelve month period unless either party shall notify the other in writing of its intention not to renew.
This Agreement is effective as of the date hereof and shall remain in full force and effect for the period (the "Covered Period") commencing on the date hereof and ending on the date that is the earliest of: (i) the Company's failure to appoint the ValueAct Designee to the Board following the ValueAct Group's written request to the Company to have the ValueAct Designee appointed to the Board pursuant to Section 1(a) of this Agreement; (ii) the failure of the Company to comply in good faith with Section 1(e) of this Agreement; or (iii) the date which is the 60t h day prior to the Company's 2016 annual meeting of stockholders.
This Agreement shall take effect as of the Effective Date and shall expire upon completion of the Project as set forth in the Project Plan and after payment of all payments due and payable according to this Agreement, unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
"Expiration Date" means March 31, 2020.
The Joint Venture is a fixed term Joint Venture beginning November 27, 2018 and ending November 30th, 2019 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on February 1, 1998 and end on the first anniversary of the date of this Agreement; provided that (a) either party may terminate this Agreement, effective at any time after the first three months of the Term, by giving 30 days' written notice of termination to the other party, and (b) either party may terminate this Agreement at any time by giving written notice of termination to the other party, if the other party commits a material breach of its obligations hereunder that is not cured within 30 days after notice thereof from the non-breaching party.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue, unless terminated sooner in accordance with this Article VIII, until June 27, 2011 (the "Term").
This Agreement shall continue until terminated as provided herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated under the terms of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the Services to be provided with respect to any Account which is registered as an investment company under the 1940 Act (herein referred to as a "registered investment company") are services referred to in the definition of "investment advisor" under Section 202(a)(11) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (herein referred to as "investment advisory services"), then with respect to such Account, this Agreement: (i) shall not commence until the effective date of its approval by the board of directors or trustees ("Board") of such Account; (ii) shall continue from year to year thereafter, subject to the provisions for termination and all other terms and conditions hereof, only if such continuation shall be specifically approved at least annually by a majority of the Board, including a majority of the members of the Board who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons of any such party (other than as members of the Board) cast in person at a meeting called for that purpose; (iii) may be terminated at any time without the payment of any penalty by the Board or by a vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities (as defined in Section 2(a)(42) of the 1940 Act) of the Account on 60 days' written notice to the Adviser; (iv) shall automatically terminate in the event of (A) its assignment (as defined in the 1940 Act) or (B) termination of the Advisory Agreement for any reason whatsoever.
Subject to the remaining provisions of this Section, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the effective date first above written and shall continue until terminated by mutual agreement of the parties hereto or by either party on not less than 60 days' written notice to the other party hereto.
This Limited Power of Attorney shall be revoked and terminated automatically upon the cancellation or termination of the Services Agreement or as to any Fund upon the cancellation or termination of the Adviser's Investment Advisory Contract for such Fund.
Unless otherwise mutually agreed to by the Parties, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end upon expiration of the Term, unless terminated early as contemplated hereunder.
"Term" means, on a Country-by-Country and Collaboration Product-by-Collaboration Product basis, the period from the Effective Date until the later of (a) the expiration or termination of the last Valid Claim of a Patent Right covering the Pooled Compound in such Collaboration Product in such Country, and (b) fifteen (15) years from First Commercial Sale in such Country, unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with Article 14.
The term of the CDx Development Program shall be five (5) years.
The term for Database Insights under Section 3.1.8 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Database Insights Term").
The term "Agreement Term" shall mean the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is terminated sooner as provided in Article 17, expiring on the date when all work has been completed or terminated under all R&D Plans.
The initial term of the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program will be five (5) years beginning on the Effective Date.
The term for Sample Profiling set forth in Section 3.1.4 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Profiling Term").
This Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue for the Agreement Term.
The initial term of the ctDNA Platform Development Program will be twelve (12) months.
The initial term of this Agreement shall, unless sooner terminated by consent of all parties, expires in five (5) years from the date of Effective Date.
The Contract Term shall extend for a period of fifty (50) years.
This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date, and will continue until the expiration of the "Sales Term" as that term is defined in the Sales Dealer Agreement dated as of August 16, 2017 between Vivint and Vivint Solar Developer, LLC (the "Term")."
The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years, subject to the prior termination rights provided below.
Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, this Agreement continues in effect for an initial term of seven (7) years ("Initial Term") and will automatically renew for one or more annual periods after the Initial Term (each a "Renewal Term") unless either party gives notice of non-renewal at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the beginning of any Renewal Term.
The duration of this Venture (the "Term") will begin on March 1, 2020 and continue in full force and effect until February 28, 2025 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
This Amendment shall only become effective upon the VNBJ Closing with respect to Article 1.1 and the VNBZ Closing with respect to Article 1.2, and shall terminate without any force or effect in the event that the VNBJ SPA and the VNBZ SPA are terminated in accordance with the terms thereof.
This JV Agreement shall become effective on the signing date and shall have a duration of * years, extendable for a further * years, unless notice of non- renewal is sent one year before the natural expiry date.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of execution and shall continue in force and effect for an indefinite term thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the provisions of Article 16 or by all the Parties in writing.
This agreement shall terminate: a. Automatically if any public authority cancels or declines to renew the Agency's license or Certificate of Authority. b. Immediately if either party gives detailed written notice to the other of alleged gross and willful misconduct, fraud or material misrepresentation.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date hereof and shall terminate upon the termination of the Offering.
This Agreement will become effective as of the date first written above and will continue in effect thereafter until terminated pursuant to Paragraph 4.2 below.
This Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years commencing upon the Effective Date hereof unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement (the "Initial Term").
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the later to occur of the date that is (x) three (3) years from the date hereof and (y) the date on which an affiliate of Freedom Mortgage is not acting as the external manager of Cherry Hill.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years following the Effective Date or until the Studies are completed, whichever is later, unless extended or unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof.
Term: This Study Order will continue until the Study is completed, which is expected to be ________ (__) months after the Effective Date, or until terminated early as provided in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the date first set forth above and, shall expire on the later of (i) five (5) years from the date hereof, or (ii) with respect to any projects identified in any contract for which VET TECH is billing the client directly, upon the completion of COOL TECH's Services and receipt of payment by COOL TECH from VET TECH for said services.
Unless terminated sooner, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years thereafter (the "Initial Term") and shall automatically renew for additional one (1) year terms on the terms and conditions set forth herein (each a "Renewal Term" and collectively, the "Term") unless either party gives the other Party Notice of its intention to terminate this Agreement ninety (90) days before the end of the Initial Term or Renewal Term, if any.
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this ---- Agreement shall terminate on the later of (i) the third anniversary of the Effective Date or (ii) the date on which ETI ceases to be a Subsidiary of NTL.
THIS STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), made effective this 17t h day of February 2016, through February 16, 2019 (the "Initial Term") i
Either party may terminate this agreement after 3 years following the effective date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall remain in effect for a period of 5 years ("Initial Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years from the date of execution and may be extended subject to satisfactory agreement on ongoing commercial terms, to be agreed two (2) months prior to the expiration of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until the later of (a) the fourth (4th) anniversary of the Effective Date, or (b) the completion or termination of the Research and receipt by LBIO of all deliverables due from MD Anderson hereunder, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.2 or Section 9.14.
This Agreement is effective on the Effective Date and shah continue in effect until the earlier of (a) the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date, and (b) termination by either Party for any reason upon thirty (30) days' written notice to the other Party; provided, however, that no Party shall be able to terminate this Agreement so long as such Party is a Defaulting Party under this Agreement.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until it is terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 15 of this Agreement ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and will continue in effect until five (5) year(s) from such date (the "Initial Term") unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 25.
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Initial Term") will be ten (10) years from the Effective Date, provided that at any time following the 7th anniversary of such date, either party may terminate such strategic alliance upon not less than 60 days' prior written notice to the other party.
The rights and obligations of the Farids Group set forth in this Article VI (other than those set forth in Sections 6.8 and 6.9) shall terminate on the date that the Farids Group owns less than 3% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock, but in no event earlier than the Expiration Date (as defined in the Warrant).
The term of this Agreement is twenty-four (24) months.
This Agreement shall be for an initial term of five (5) years, and unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall automatically renew for an additional term of five (5) years thereafter.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for a term of ten (10) years, unless previously terminated in accordance with Clause 15 (Termination).
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of two (2) years ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 11 of this Agreement.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 4.2 or 4.3, this Agreement will be in effect from the Effective Date until completion of the Research Program.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of three (3) years after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement is effective on the day of May 1, 2013 and the effective term is the same as the Cooperation Ter
The Cooperation Term of the parties shall be two years from May 1, 2013 to April 30, 2015.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, (i) that this Section 8 shall survive any such termination and (ii) no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, shall continue in full force and effect until terminated pursuant to this Article 18.
This Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of: (i) the conclusion of the Standstill Period or (ii) delivery of written notice by one Party to the other Party of a material breach of this Agreement by the breaching Party that is uncured after ten (10) calendar days of notice of such breach.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement will be effective as of the date of its execution, and term of the Cooperation will be four years from the date on which the channel is uploaded.<omitted>The channel is expected to be uploaded on August 1, 201
Unless otherwise mutual agreed between the Parties, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the earlier of the below events occur: (a) The fifth (5t h) anniversary of this Agreement; and (b) Otkritie ceasing to own more than 2,237,216 class B shares or American depositary shares of QIWI.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period in accordance with Section 4, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
Subject to the other provisions contained herein, this AGREEMENT shall be for a term of thirty (30) years from the Effective Date, which shall automatically renew from year-to-year thereafter unless terminated by a Party upon sixty (60) days' written notice after the end of the term.
The term of this Agreement shall be fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the following provisions of this Article:
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this IP Agreement shall extend until the last date of expiration of the SRAM Intellectual Property rights licensed under this IP Agreement.
The term of this Agreement is five (5) years unless the early termination in accordance with this Agreement.
The provisions of this Agreement, including the license rights provided in this Article III, shall not be terminable or revocable for any reason.
The term of this IP Agreement shall be from the Effective Date until all of the Intellectual Property licensed hereunder is in the public domain (provided, however, that in such event the representations and warranties in Article III shall survive (and terminate) in accordance with the Acquisition Agreement) or this IP Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 4.3.
This Agreement shall remain in effect for sixty (60) months from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
Unless otherwise agreed in writing by Accuray and Distributor and subject to the termination rights contained in this Agreement, this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until the termination of the Strategic Alliance Agreement; provided, however, that if a Termination Election relating to this Agreement is made pursuant to Section 10.3 of the Strategic Alliance Agreement prior to such termination, this Agreement shall terminate 36 months after such Termination Election (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement shall terminate on May 31, 2015, unless sooner terminated.
As provided for in this Section 1, the term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years, beginning on the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"); provided, however, the Initial Term shall be subject to automatic successive renewal terms of three (3) years each (the "Renewal Terms" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
The terms of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date and will be automatically renewed on each anniversary of the effective date, for a renewal term of one year unless either party provides written notification of its intention not to renew this Agreement at least one month prior to the expiration of the initial or any renewal terms.
Distributor's appointment is for a term of one year from the Effective Date, renewable automatically unless terminated under Section 18
The Term will commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and will remain in effect, unless sooner terminated under paragraphs 5.2, 5.3, or 5.4, until the termination date specified in Exhibit A.
September 30, 1997
This Agreement shall have an initial term of one (1) year from the date first above written (the "Initial Term"), and shall thereafter automatically renew for successive two (2) year periods (each a "Renewal Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement shall be two (2) years from the Effective Date with automatic annual renewals thereafter provided either party does not provide sixty (60) days notice of termination prior to the renewal date or the Agreement is not otherwise terminated as set forth in Section 8.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) calendar years from the Agreement date.
The term of this Agreement shall be ten (10) years (the "Term") which shall commence on the date upon which the Company delivers to Distributor the last Sample, as defined hereinafter.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date first above written and shall terminate on 31 December 2006, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years from the date first set forth above and shall thereafter automatically renew for additional two (2) year terms unless a party provides the other party with notice of non-renewal no less than 6 months prior to the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term unless earlier terminated as follows
April 15, 2000 through October 15, 2000 (6 Months from the Effective Date)
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) years from the Effective Date and shall thereafter be automatically renewed for subsequent one (1) year periods unless either party notifies the other in writing of its election not to renew the Agreement at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the expiration of the then-current term.
Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until terminated by either Party upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice.
This contract shall be for a term of one year commencing on the date first above written; thereafter, it shall automatically continue until terminated by either party upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for 3 years (the "Initial Term") commencing on the date first set forth above (the "Commencement Date") and ending on the 3rd anniversary of the Commencement Date.
The Term of this Agreement shall be for a period of [* ****] years and [*****] months commencing the 1st day of September 2004 and terminating the [*****] day of [*****].
The term of the license hereby granted shall commence August 1, 1995 and continue until January 30, 2000, unless sooner terminated in the manner provided in the immediately succeeding sentence or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
Unless otherwise provided for in this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall be three years, commencing on the date of this Agreement and expiring on the third anniversary date of this Agreement (the "Termination Date").
The COMPANY agrees to a one year engagement to contract the CELEBRITY to speak at the company meetings and seminars along with endorsement of the Company products.
Notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement shall terminate upon the Trust's payment to the Company of the sum of the aggregate amount of the premiums paid under the Policy since inception (which amount includes the outstanding principal balance of the Demand Note).
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing on January 1, 2000 and concluding December 31, 2003, unless terminated sooner as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall extend from the date of execution hereof through and until _______, unless extended by written agreement of the parties.
The term of this Agreement shall commence January 1, 1996, and shall continue for a period of three (3) years, concluding December 31, 1998.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing as of May 31, 1999 and concluding May 31, 2000.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Article 13, shall continue in full force and effect, on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the Secondary Royalty Term with respect to such Product expires, at which time this Agreement shall expire in its entirety with respect to such Product in such country.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and unless terminated earlier by mutual written agreement of the Parties or pursuant to Section 9.2 (Termination At Will) or Section 9.3 (Termination for Cause) below, the term of this Agreement shall continue in effect until Achaogen ceases development and commercialization of Plazomicin ("Term").
Except as provided in Sections 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, and 6.5, this Agreement shall terminate one (1) year from the Rig Release Date, if such has not been terminated sooner pursuant to the provisions hereof.
The term of this Agreement shall be for 10 years commencing on the date of execution of this Agreement by AIRSOPURE.
The Term shall begin on the Effective Date and will end, without further notice, on the Expiration Date set forth in the Addendum, unless terminated earlier under the terms of this Agreement.<omitted>Expiration Date: at midnight on the last day of the month fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date
The term of this Agreement starts on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is earlier terminated in accordance with its provisions, will expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date.
You must operate the Franchise at a mutually agreeable site (the "Premises") to be identified after the signing of this Agreement, and to use the System and the Marks in the operation of that Franchise, for a term of 10 years (the "Initial Term")
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, this Agreement will expire on _______________________________________.
This Agreement shall be effective as of that date (the "Effective Date") the Site becomes fully operational as set forth in writing and executed by both Parties and shall continue for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date.
This Agreement will be effective beginning on 12:01 a.m., Eastern Time, on the day after the date of last signature to these Base Terms ("Effective Date") and ending on the expiration and/or termination of all Service Option Attachments, unless the Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and will terminate on the third anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreemen
This Agreement will take effect on the Effective Date and remain in effect for a period of 1 year; provided, that Sections 2 and 3 level shall terminate promptly upon (a) any action or omission by Client or any of its customers which constitutes a breach of or default by TrueLink under any System Agreement or Credit Repository Agreement, which breach or default has either not been cured or cannot be cured within the applicable cure period and the consequences of which is that TrueLink will lose material rights it had pursuant to said Agreements or (b) any violations or breach by Client of Sections 8a - 8c.
This agreement shall be for a term of five years from the date of this document.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.
"Term" means the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and continuing thereafter indefinitely until this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 10 below.
Subject to early termination of this Agreement pursuant to Sections 7.2, 7.3 or 7.4, this Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue until the expiration or earlier termination of the Development and License Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid for a period of five (5) years with automatic renewal of one year thereafter until terminated<omitted>by either party with one (1) year written notice prior to the expiration of the initial period or any extension period thereof.
Unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 12.2 below, the initial term of this Agreement shall expire on 31 December 2024 (the "Initial Term") unless the Parties mutually agree in writing any extension to the Initial Term.
This Agreement shall have a term of four (4) years from the effective date first set forth above, and shall automatically renew for additional one year terms unless earlier terminated by either party.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall extend for a period of Five (5) years thereafter ("Initial Term"), unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein or is extended by mutual written agreement of the Parties.
Unless terminated earlier as provided herein, this Agreement shall terminate on the date three (3) years from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement is three years from and including the date of this Agreement (the "Initial Term"), with automatic renewal for additional successive one-year terms (each a "Renewal Term" and together wit the Initial Term, the "Term") unless no later than [* * *] days prior to the end of the Initial Term, or any Renewal Term either party notifies the other that it wishes to terminate this Agreement effective the end of the Initial Term or that Renewal Term, as applicable.
Except as otherwise set forth in Sections 9.2 and 9.3 or Exhibit A hereof, the term of this Agreement shall be eighteen (18) months ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for a period of one year from the date of its execution and from year to year thereafter provided such continuance is specifically approved by a majority of the trustees of the Trust who (i) are not "interested persons" of the Trust or any other party to this Agreement, as defined in the 1940 Act, and (ii) have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of this Agreement ("Non- Interested Trustees").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3 of this Agreement, shall continue until the twentieth (20th) anniversary of the Effective Date; provided, however, (i) Operator shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Owner, if Operator provides a substitute operator acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, who (A) has experience operating similar assets, (B) has the ability to provide at least the same quality of service as Operator, (C) has the financial ability to perform the obligations hereunder, and (D) is ready, willing and able to execute an operation and maintenance agreement substantially similar to this Agreement and acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, and (ii) Owner shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Operator.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 8, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
To the extent not terminated previously by AIG pursuant to the foregoing, this Agreement will terminate automatically one year after the closing of any sale of the Company by AIG, and all provisions hereof will be of no further force and effect.
It shall be effective on 06 October 2000 and shall have a duration of two years.
Subject to termination pursuant to this Agreement, the Non Exclusive license granted by Licensor to Licensee shall be for an initial period of 36 months, commencing from the acceptance date, (the "Initial Period").
This Agreement and the license granted under this Agreement shall remain in effect perpetually as long as fees are paid by Sparkling in accordance with the Fee Schedule and the Agreement is not otherwise terminated in accordance with this Section.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for an initial period of five years until terminated in the manner described in Clause 16 below.
In addition, DCL may terminate this Agreement with effect from the 3rd, 4th or 5th anniversary of the Commencement Date by giving not less than six months notice in writing to SEV
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Services Commencement Date and remain effective for ten (10) years (the "Initial Term") unless terminated in accordance with its terms.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in operation for at least a period of twenty-five (25) years (hereinafter called "Initial Period") after the RFCS Date and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
This Agreement shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of: (i) the date on which the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement equal $5,000,000; (ii) the Release Date (as defined in Section 19) or (iii) payment in full, in cash, of all Obligations and the termination of the Financing Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement is less than $5,000,000 and any payment, or any part thereof, on account of any of the Obligations is invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Agent or the Lenders upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or reorganization of any Borrower or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for any Borrower, or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Article 9.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date and year first above written and shall continue in operation for at least an initial period of twenty-five (25) years following the RFS Date (hereinafter referred to as "initial Period") and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
Subject to the provisions of this AGREEMENT, and with effect from the date when the party signing last in time appends its signature to this agreement ("the effective date"), and enduring in perpetuity unless terminated as provided for elsewhere in this AGREEMENT, SAP AFRICA grants, and TELKOM accepts a non-exclusive, non-transferable licence to USE the SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION and other SAP AFRICA PROPRIETARY INFORMATION at the specified DESIGNATED SITE within the TERRITORY.
The licence granted hereunder shall become effective upon execution of this AGREEMENT by both parties and shall endure indefinitely unless terminated under clause 6. 2.
Upon expiration of that 12 months, MMMW affords the Customer the opportunity of a continuation of support on an annual basis as follows: The Initial Term of this Technical Infrastructure Maintenance Agreement is twelve months, commencing on the Effective Date.
This Agreement commences on the date first above written, and will remain in effect for the period of five (5) years, except as otherwise provided herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 7, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, shall continue for the duration of the Lease, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3.
The initial period of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue until March 31, 2003.
This OMA shall expire upon the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the Effective Date and (ii) the date that all Shares of Stock of the Seller Trusts as set forth on Schedule A hereto have been sold (the "Term").
The Term will be 3 years from Effective Date with an automatic 2 year term extensions unless otherwise advised by one of the Parties.
This Agreement between HEMISPHERX and SCIEN shall be in effect beginning the last date of execution set forth on the signature page to the Agreement (the "Effective Date") to which this Quality Agreement is Exhibit 2 and remain in effect until HEMISPHERX and SCIEN terminate the Agreement or it is superseded by a revised Quality Agreement executed by both parties.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue unless and until terminated as provided herein.
Subject to Article 22.2, this Agreement shall remain in force for an Initial Period of 1 year, which may be renewed by mutual consent for such period as the Parties may agree ("Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement or for any of the following reasons:
This Agreement begins on the Effective Date and shall continue indefinitely unless sooner terminated as provided in this Article 5.
This Agreement shall terminate as to the Remarketing Agent and its obligations hereunder with respect to VRRM-MFP Shares upon the earliest to occur of (a) the effective date of the resignation or removal of such Remarketing Agent pursuant to Section 5(a) and Section 5(b), respectively, (b) the completion of a successful Transition Remarketing on a New Mode Commencement Date in connection with transition to a new Mode, or (c) the date on which no VRRM-MFP Shares are Outstanding.
In addition, the<omitted>obligations of the Remarketing Agents may be terminated by them by notice given to the Company prior to 12:00 noon, New York City time on the Remarketing Settlement Date if, prior to that time, any of the applicable conditions precedent to the obligations of the Remarketing Agents described in Section 5 hereof shall have failed to occur.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to earlier termination in accordance with the provisions of Section 16, shall continue in force for a period being the longer of fifteen (15) years from first Commercial Launch of the Product in the Territory or until the expiration of the last valid claim in the PPI Patents covering the Product in any country of the Territory (the "Initial Term").
In addition, the obligations of the Remarketing Agent hereunder may be terminated by it by notice given to the Company prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date immediately preceding the Commencement Date if, prior to that time, any of the events described in Sections 6(i), (j) or (k) shall have occurred.
This Agreement shall terminate (i) the Business Day immediately following the Remarketing Settlement Date, (ii) at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the last date of the Remarketing if the Remarketing is not successful or (iii) on the effective date of the resignation or removal of the Remarketing Agent and the appointment of a new Remarketing Agent.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Agreement or extended by mutual agreement between the parties, shall continue in effect for thirty six (36) months following the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall be effective on the later of the dates that it is executed by Imprimis and Surgical (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate pursuant to the terms of the SOW (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided in this Agreement, the initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period beginning on the Effective Date and ending ten (10) years thereafter unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall be five years commencing on the Effective Date and ending at the close of business on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement shall commence with the first race ----- of the 1998 Winston Cup season and shall continue until the final race of the year-2000 Winston Cup season.
The term of this Agreement will begin on December 15, 1997 and will end the later of (i) December 15, 1999 or (ii) Excite's delivery of all of the guaranteed Click-throughs described in Section 1(f).
This Agreement shall terminate and, subject to the provisions set forth below, be of no further force or effect on the exercise by the Sponsor of its right to terminate this Agreement as provided in subsection 6.2, provided that, in any event, sections 3, 7 and 8 and, in the event that such termination occurs by virtue of paragraph 6.2(b), subsection 2.5 shall not terminate (except as set forth therein) and shall continue in full force and effect for the benefit of the Sponsor or the other parties to this Agreement, as the case may be.
The term (the "Term") shall commence on November 1, 2007 and end on October 31, 2008 (unless terminated earlier in accordance with the General Provisions).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force and effect until one (1) year subsequent to the Effective Date, provided however, that Tickets may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon thirty (30) days' notice to MP3. com at any time prior to the expiration of sixty (60) days subsequent to the Effective Date.
This term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and terminates on August 2nd, 2015 upon completion of event.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for six (6) months.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue in effect for a period of five (5) years (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions set out herein.
This Agreement shall continue in force for a term of twelve (12) months from the Effective Date, unless terminated earlier under the provisions of this Article 8 (the "Term"); PROVIDED that TouchStar shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time after the Effective Date upon not less than fifteen (15) days' prior written notice to Reseller.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for an Initial Term of five (5) years, and will automatically renew for additional periods of five (5) years unless one Party notifies the other of its intention not to renew, no less than 12 months prior to the expiration of the then-current term, unless terminated as permitted under this Agreement.
This Agreement comes into force as of the Effective Date and shall remain valid during the term of the LSA.
This Supply Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue for a period of [***] unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Supply Agreement.
Unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.2 below, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a FIVE (5) year period.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of its execution and shall remain in force for three years (the "Initial Term").
The term of this Supply Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date first set forth above and shall remain in effect until the later of (a) July 31, 2021 or (b) the date that the Parties enter into the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement and Sutro is supplying to SutroVax each Product under the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement (the "Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with Section 10.2.
The term of this Agreement will commence upon the Effective Date and will continue until the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated or extended under this Article 8 (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of the Services, unless terminated as set out herein, shall continue up to and including 28 February 2000 ("the Initial Term").
This Development Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and continue for four (4) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 10.2, or unless the parties extend the term by mutual written Development Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement will be in effect for one year from the Effective Date and will automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods unless terminated as provided below.
This Agreement shall be effective through and including March 31, 2004.
This Agreement shall be effective until the earlier of (a) its termination in accordance with the provisions of this Article 14 or (b) the date that is two (2) years after the date of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement will renew automatically for successive terms of one (1) year each unless a party to this Agreement delivers written notice of termination to the other party to this Agreement at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the original or any renewal term or the parties to this Agreement do not agree in writing to the Quota Amount referred to in subsection 14.2(b)(1) for any one (1) year renewal term at least sixty (60) days prior to the commencement of such term.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on January 1, 2000 and continue for an initial period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 7 hereof, and may be renewed under Section 8 hereof (the initial period plus any renewal period, the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This agreement shall begin upon the date of its execution by MA and acceptance in writing by Company and shall remain in effect until the end of the current calendar year and shall be automatically renewed for successive one (1) year periods unless otherwise terminated according to the cancellation or termination provisions contained in paragraph 18 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall terminate on June 30, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement commences as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to any express provision of this Agreement, shall continue until five (5) years following the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b) [Term and Termination].
The term of this Agreement shall be effective as of the date first stated above and shall continue for a term of three (3) years, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement (the "Term"); provided, however, that PrimeCall may elect to terminate this Agreement, upon thirty (30) days' written notice, at any time from and after the time that collectively RSL Communications, Ltd. and/or its Affiliates holds less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of DeltaThree's outstanding shares.
This Agreement will become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated pursuant to Sections 3.1<omitted>, shall remain effective for two (2) years from and after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This agreement shall commence as of date first above written, and shall Continue through December 31, 2004 ("the Term").
The Term shall commence on July 23, 2013 and shall expire on July 22, 2016, unless otherwise terminated earlier pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall have an Initial Term of three (3) years.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for a period of five years following the initial date of execution of the Memorandum, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 6.2 or Section 2.8 ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall begin as of the Effective Date and continue until Acceptance of all Deliverables for Milestones #1 and #2 pursuant to Section 3.4 and completion of Milestone #3, unless earlier terminated under Section 8.2, as provided for under the Other Agreements, or as mutually agreed by the Parties.
The term of this Agreement shall automatically become effective upon the occurrence of (i) ETON executing a commercial supply agreement with a contract manufacturing organization within forty-five (45) days of the Execution Date, provided that ETON has exercised best efforts to execute such agreement and the failure to execute is solely caused by the refusal or inability of the proposed manufacturing organization to sign a reasonable agreement; and (ii) acceptance for review of the Dossier or marketing application for [ * * * ] by the FDA no later than September 2, 2019 (such date, the "Effective Date") and shall end upon the termination or expiration of the Agreement as set forth in Section 11 (the "Term").
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Article, this Agreement will continue in full force beginning on the Effective Date and ending two (2) years thereafter ("Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the longer of the first anniversary of the Effective Date or the duration of the Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement (the "Term").
This agreement begins on the Commencement Date and, subject to clause 11.2, shall continue for an initial term of one (1) years (Initial Term) and indefinitely after that until terminated by either party giving at least twelve (12) months' prior written notice to expire on or after the expiry date of the initial term.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date first written above and shall continue in effect for a period of Three (3) years.
This Agreement shall become effective upon the date first written above and shall remain in full force and effect for a period of two years (2), unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions in this Agreement.
Unless terminated earlier as provided in this agreement, this Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms hereo
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and automatically renewing annually thereafter, unless either party provides a thirty-day notice of written termination one to the other ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of four (4) years, commencing on the Effective Date, which term may be extended for up to three (3) years by written agreement of both Parties prior to the expiration date of the initial term or any extension thereof (collectively, the "Term").
The term of the Franchise shall be twenty (20) years, commencing on January 1, 2016.
The term of this Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue until terminated as hereinafter provided (the "Term").
Terms of the project: 12 weeks from February 8, 2018 to May 3, 2018
This Agreement shall come into force on the Date of the Agreement, and shall, subject to article 18, remain in full force and effect for an initial period of *** from the Commercial Launch Date.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for one (I) year, unless earlier terminated as expressly provided in Sections 1.3. 10.1. or 10.2 of this Agreement (the *Initial Term")
This Agreement will remain in effect for Thirty-six (36)<omitted>months following the Hosting Service Ready Date ("Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Article XVI, this IP Agreement and the licenses granted herein will continue in effect from the Effective Date until the expiration of the last to expire of the Patents and any additional period of time thereafter that any of the Patents remain enforceable such as in the United States where a party can sue for infringement after a patent expires and seek damages for any infringement of the patent during the six years immediately preceding the filing of a suit for infringement.
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate on December 31, 2034 (such period, including as may be extended in accordance with the subsequent sentence, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article 11, shall expire on the last day of the Royalty Term.
This term of this Agreement shall commence on the EFFECTIVE DATE and shall continue, in each country, until the date of expiration of the last to expire patent within PATENT RIGHT(S) in that country.
The "Term" of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration or earlier termination of the last Addendum to expire or be terminated, at which time this Agreement will expire, unless this Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") (a) shall commence on the first day of the Warranty Period for the first Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation and (b) shall, unless terminated earlier under Section 4.1 of this Agreement or unless extended by mutual agreement of the Parties, terminate on the date that is the last day of the Warranty Period for the last Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation.
Subject to all other terms and conditions set forth herein, as of the date of this agreement, LEADER maintain the software for an additional five years.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of year as of the Effective Date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated, shall continue in full force and effect for a period of [***] years thereafter.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect for an initial term of **** from the Supply Commencement Date of the Product ("Initial Term").
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Facility Addendum, this Agreement (a) shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of four (4) years from such date (the "Initial Term" of this Agreement), unless sooner terminated pursuant to Section 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 or 7.7, and (b) may be extended for up to three (3) additional periods of twelve (12) months (each, an "Extension Period") by written notice given by Customer to Manufacturer not less than twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Extension Period, as the case may be.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the 60th day following a written notice from one party to the other of its decision to terminate this Agreement at the end of such 60-day period or upon termination of the applicable Distribution Agreement with respect to a Fund.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on the date hereof (the "Commencement Date"), and will continue until the earlier of (i) December 31, 2022, (ii) the termination or expiration of the Studio Lease (defined below), (iii) election to terminate and notice thereof given by Programmer to Licensee, and (iv) mutual written consent of Licensee and Programmer (the "Term"), unless extended or earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11 hereof.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a period of five (5) years from the Reseller's first purchase order for Product issued to Todos (the "Initial Term"), unless terminated earlier by one of the parties in accordance with the terms of this Section 11.
The term of this JSMA shall commence on May 1, 2020 (the "Commencement Date") and ends at April 30, 2029 (the "Term"), with automatic renewals each for a period of five (5) years (a "Renewal Term") unless notice is given pursuant to 5.2.
Unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of Section ​12, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until July 31, 2019 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid until the [* * *] (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue to be in full force and effect for so long as Photronics and DNP, or any of their Affiliates, each remains a Shareholder of the Company.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect through December 31, 2021 and any Renewal Term (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier as set forth herein.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 12, shall extend until the four (4) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on September 10, 2015 and shall continue for One (1) Year (the "Term").
This Agreement becomes effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 11, shall continue until the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect for an initial period of 1 year ("Initial Term").
This term of this Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereto shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in perpetuity (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions contained herein.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of twelve (12) full calendar months ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term"), unless mutually extended by written agreement of the Parties or unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall commence effective as of the date hereof and shall expire on December 31, 2028.
This Agreement shall continue until January 18, 2022, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods ending on January 18th of each year, provided such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (a) the Fund's Board of Trustees and (b) a vote of a majority (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund's Trustees who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of the Plan, in this Agreement, or any agreement related to the Plan (the "Qualified Trustees"), by vote cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting on such approval.
With respect to each of the Services, the term thereof will be for a period commencing as of the date hereof, unless a different date is specified as the commencement date for any applicable Service on Exhibit A or Exhibit B (either, a "Commencement Date"), and shall continue until 12 months following the Commencement Date unless (i) such other date as is specified as the termination date for any applicable Service in this Agreement or on Exhibit A or Exhibit B, as applicable (the "Term") or (ii) earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement (a "Termination Date").
Cellco's appointment as custodian is effective as of the Initial Cutoff Date and will continue until the later of (i) the date on which all obligations of the Issuer have been paid in full and (ii) the date on which such appointment is terminated under this Section 3.10(f).
This Agreement will terminate on the earlier to occur of (a) the date upon which the last remaining Receivable is paid in full, settled, sold or written off and any amounts received are applied and (b) the Issuer is terminated under Section 8.1 of the Trust Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence as of April 1, 2018 (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon the later of: (a) the conclusion of the 2022/23 NFL season and (b) the last day in February, 2023 (such expiration date, the "Scheduled Expiration Date"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be valid for five (5) years from February 1, 2019 through January 31, 2024 unless this Agreement is terminated earlier pursuant to Section 14 (the "Term").
The term of this agreement will begin on April 1, 2018 and continue until April 30, 2018 at 11:59pm.
This agreement is for a term of ten (10) years.
This Agreement shall commence on March 15, 2018 and will expire on March 14, 2020 unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 13 of the Agreement (the "Term")
The Contract is valid for 5 years, beginning from and ended on .
The "Term" of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will end on the earlier of: (a) the first anniversary of the expiration date of the last Purchase Schedule (as defined in this next Section); (b) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party any time after the expiration of the last Purchase Schedule; or (c) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party as provided in Subsection 11(d) of this Agreement.
Termination Date: December 31, 2023
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the time periods set forth in Schedules 1 and 2 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and continues in perpetuity, unless termination occurs pursuant to Sections 4.2 through 4.4.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
The license granted to the Licensee under this Agreement shall continue perpetually
This Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
TERM: November 01, 2014 to October 31, 2017
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
Period of transportation services: this Agreement is valid for an indefinite term.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and unless earlier terminated as provided elsewhere in this Agreement, will end automatically upon the end of Year 3.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for one (1) year following the Launch Date, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
The Term shall commence on the date of this Agreement and, unless earlier terminated or extended as provided below, shall end as of December 31, 2000.
The term of this Agreement shall be for a period of two (2) years (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall end fifteen months therefrom.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon delivery of [**] to ebix, but in no way shall this Agreement extend any later than thirty (30) months from the Effective Date regardless of the number Filled Application Forms delivered to ebix. About will make commercially reasonable efforts to achieve that number in twelve (12) months or less from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end three (3) years from the date the Co-Branded Application becomes accessible to Excite@Home Members ("Launch Date").
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the date above, and shall continue for a term of one (1) year
Term shall mean the Effective Date through June 15, 2001 and any Renewal Term (as defined in paragraph 7.4 herein.)
INITIAL TERM shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the second anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11.
Initial Term shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the fourth anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8
This Agreement shall be effective upon the ------------------- Effective Date and shall remain in force for a period of one (1) year, and shall be automatically renewed for successive periods of one (1) year unless otherwise terminated as provided herein.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in force for three years from the Launch Date (the "Initial Term") unless earlier
"Launch Date" means the first date on which the Service is made publicly available.<omitted>This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date and will continue in effect for 2 years following the Launch Date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall ----------------------- commence on the Effective Date and end on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the date that the Affiliate Registration Form is approved by Chase and will end when terminated by either party.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of five (5) years from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term") after which this Agreement may be extended on mutual agreement of the parties (a "Renewal Term," and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
This Agreement will remain in force for perpetuity or until and unless otherwise mutually agreed or amended in writing by both parties.
The term of this Agreement will begin upon acceptance of Affiliate's Program application and will end when terminated by either party of this Agreement.
This Agreement is entered into for an unlimited period of time.
This Agreement shall be for the term of one year; thereafter, the Agreement shall renew automatically under these same terms and agreements unless superceded by future agreements.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until either Party informs the other Party with thirty (30) day prior written notice of termination of this Agreement.
The "Initial Term" shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire on March 31, 2011.
The term ("Term") of this Agreement shall be for one hundred eighty days (180) from the date set forth below unless Network 1 or Visa or MasterCard or Harris Bank doesn't approve Affiliate's ISO application, in which case, the Term will be 3 years.
Unless sooner terminated under the provisions hereof, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of one (1) year ("Term"). provided however, that the Parties may extend the Term for an additional year period by entering into an written addendum of the Agreement extending such term.
"CONTRACT PERIOD" means that period of time commencing upon the full execution of this Agreement by both Parties and terminating on May 31, 2016 unless sooner terminated under this Agreement.
All terms of this Agreement will automatically commence on November 1st, 2017, and expire on November 2nd, 2020.
"Term" means: 1.5t January 2013 to 315t December 2013 or until terminated under the provisions of this Agreement or the Primary Agreement.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time from February 21, 2011 through December 31, 2012.
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and ending on February 19, 2013 ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for two years from the date hereof, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (A) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund and (B) the vote of a majority of the Fund's directors who are not parties to this Agreement or "interested persons" (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Fund Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the Investment Fund Act.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this ARTICLE 13, shall remain in effect on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the expiration of the Royalty Term applicable to such Product and country (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect until the expiration of the Sublicense Agreement, unless earlier termination by pursuant to the terms of this Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4 of this Agreement, will continue until the expiration of the Warranty Period as defined in subsection 9(a) of this Agreement.
Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, the Parties' respective rights and obligations under this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force for ten (10) years after the First Commercial Sale of the first Licensed Product, and shall thereafter automatically renew for an unlimited period of time unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Section 15.2.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein, unless earlier terminated by either party, this Agreement shall expire on ______, 20___, and all rights of Developer herein shall cease and all unapplied or unused Development Fees paid pursuant to Section 3 hereof shall be forfeited to Franchisor.
Unless terminated pursuant to Section 10 or 11 below, it shall expire upon the earlier of the date specified in Exhibit "B" or upon the opening of the last El Pollo Loco® Restaurant listed in the Development Schedule.
Dr. Murray's obligations set out herein shall be performed from the Effective Date until December 31, 2018 (the initial "Services Term").
Except as otherwise stated herein as pertaining only to a Services Term, this Agreement shall remain in effect for ten years, unless terminated in accordance with Sections 6.1 (a) or 6.2(b).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance herewith, shall continue in force and effect until (a) the date of expiration of the last Royalty Term for the last Licensed Product, or (b) the expiration of the License Option Period and the failure of AbbVie to exercise the License Option (such period, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") will begin on the date this Agreement is signed by the last signatory ("Effective Date") and remain in effect for [***]; provided, however, that the terms of this Agreement shall remain applicable to any SOW that was executed by the Parties prior to the expiration or termination of this Agreement but whose period of performance extends beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue thereafter for a period of twelve (12) months (the "Initial Term").
The Term shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of five (5) years.
The term "Term" shall mean an initial term of five years, automatically renewable thereafter for successive 5-year terms unless either party provides prior written notice of termination not less than 90 days prior to the end of such five-year term; provided, however, T&B shall have the right to terminate the license after the first year of the Term if LEA does not conduct the Business so as to meet the Cash Sales benchmarks set by the parties for years two through five of the Term, as set forth in Section 3.3, below.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless the Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will come into effect on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force for ten (10) years from the Launch (the "Initial Term"), or the date of expiry of the last valid patent of the Licensed Product, whichever comes later, subject to clauses 19.2, 19.3, 19.4 and 19.5 hereunder
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will commence on the Effective Date and will expire upon the earliest of (i) termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 14.2, or (ii) the date of payment of the last Approval Payment due based on all applicable Regulatory Approvals which have been received.
The term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article XII, shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration of Sanofi's payment obligations under Article IX or the Profit/Loss Share Agreement, whichever is later (the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 14 hereof (the "Term").
This Agreement commences on the date it is executed and shall continue until full performance by both parties, or until earlier terminated by one party under the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will be for the maximum period of six (6) months beginning for the commencement date, renewable in accordance with the terms hereof, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.
This Agreement will be in effect for three (3) years from the Effective Date ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Unless otherwise stated in the Appendix the term of this letter Agreement shall continue for twenty-four (24) months with the effective date unless terminated sooner or extended pursuant to the terms hereof ("Initial Term")
Contract end: 04-01-08
The initial term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and end twelve (12) months after the Launch (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b).
This Agreement and the provisions hereof, except as otherwise provided, shall be in full force and effect commencing on the date of execution by both Parties and shall extend for an initial term of two (2) years.
This Agreement will become effective as of the last date of signature (Effective Date) and shall, unless sooner terminated as provided below or as otherwise agreed, remain effective for an initial term of 10 Years following the first date of public availability of the PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Content within a THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION Property (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the date on which it is signed and affixed with the corporate seals by the authorized representative of each Party and have a term of five (5) years commencing as of the effective date hereof.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, except as set forth in Subsection (ii), continue in full force and effect through the Delivery Period.
This agreement will be in effect until the end of 2006 and will be evaluated at that time.
This Agreement shall take effect from the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect for twenty (20) years thereafter, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Clause 8.
Expiration Date: August 31, 2006
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on the Expiration Date set forth above (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 3(b).
The Term of the Agreement is hereby extended to January 20, 2012 unless sooner terminated as provided for in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be in effect until March 18. 2021, unless sooner terminated by either party upon (30) days written notice, without cause.
This contract shall remain in effect initially for the five (5) year term ("Initial Term") from the date signed and shall be automatically extended for one (1) year periods after the Initial Term ("Renewal Term") unless (i) either party provides written notice of its intention not to renew the Agreement within 180 days prior to any Renewal Term; or (ii) this Agreement is otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms of this Section 12.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate in _____________, on _____________, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement may be renewed for successive one (1) year periods if STAAR and Distributor expressly agree in writing and in their sole discretion to renew this Agreement prior to the foregoing termination date or any successive renewal term.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until September 1, 2045, unless earlier terminated by either Party pursuant to this Article 12 (the "Term").
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, all rights and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect for a period of eighteen (18) months after the initial theatrical release of that Property.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, including Robots, Kingdom of Heaven, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, In Her Shoes, Idiocracy (Oww My Balls) and Ice Age II, all right and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect until March 31, 2008."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Term") is the Effective Date through March 15, 2022.
This Agreement expires ten (10) years from the Agreement Date (the "Term"), unless it is terminated sooner as provided in other sections of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided under this Agreement, shall terminate five (5) years following the date of launch of the first Website, but in no event later than February 28, 2013 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue thereafter for a period of two (2) years, unless extended by written agreement of both parties or sooner terminated as set forth below.
This Agreement and the license granted herein shall remain effective until terminated.
Unless otherwise provided herein, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue through the completion or termination of Developer's services and work product as mutually agreed upon between the Parties (the Project).
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Commencement Date and will continue through December 31, 2022 or until this Agreement is otherwise terminated in accordance with its provisions ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate automatically without notice on December 31, 2022, unless the Parties agree in writing to extend the term of the Agreement (the initial term and any renewal terms are referred to collectively herein as the "Term").
This Second Amendment shall be effective from The Second Amendment Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2021.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue for a period of three (3) years therefrom (the "Term").
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue until termination as provided below.
This Agreement is for a term (the "Term") of 12 months from the Effective Date on June 1s t 2020 and expiring May 31st 2021.
This Agreement shall be in full force and effect commencing on January 2, 2020 and shall remain in effect for one (1) year or until Consultant completes the services requested
The term of this Agreement shall commence on January 10th, 2019 and shall expire on the day that is twenty-four (24) months from that date (the "Term of Engagement") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Term: twelve (12) months from the date of the Agreement which term shall automatically renew for an additional twelve (12) months on such date if the Agreement is not otherwise terminated according to Section 8 of the Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be the sooner of six (6) months from the Effective Date, or replacement of this Agreement with a subsequent agreement between the Parties.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the four-year anniversary of the Effective Date (such period, as it may be extended, either by the mutual written agreement of the parties or automatically, or earlier terminated being referred to as the "Consultation Period"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4, and shall automatically renew for successive one-year periods, unless the Company provides 90 days' notice of termination before any such successive period.
The term of this Agreement is for a period of five (5) years (the "Term") commencing on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the termination provisions of this Agreement, ending on January 31, 2025.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall expire twenty (20) years from the effective date of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
The term of this Agreement for the Hosted Site shall commence upon April 1, 1999 and shall continue for a period of six (6) months, unless earlier terminated in accordance with provisions hereof.
This Agreement shall continue in effect from the Effective Date for a one (1) year period, unless earlier terminated as set forth below, and thereafter shall renew automatically for successive one (1) year periods unless either party gives the other party at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of its intent not to renew the Agreement.
The effective term is 12 months beginning March 1, 2005 and ending February 28, 2006.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a period of 12 months thereafter (the "Period") in full force and effect until it is terminated in accordance with this Section 3.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated under this Article, shall continue in effect until the Conversion Date (the "Term"); provided that, with respect to any LMG Tools identified in Exhibit A as having a license term beyond the Conversion Date, TAG's License to, and LMG's obligation to provide LMG Services for, such LMG Tools shall survive for the period specified in Exhibit A.
The term of this Agreement is for ten (10) years commencing on the date of this Agreement, unless terminated as provided by this Agreement.
The obligations of the Agent pursuant to this Agreement shall terminate upon termination of the Offering, but in no event later than 45 days after the completion of the Subscription Offering (the "End Date").
The initial term of this Agreement is one (1) year from the date of delivery of the Product to Licensee unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
1 April 2009
The maintenance is for a period of one (1) year commencing upon expiration of the initial one (1) year term of the License/Services Schedule.
XIMAGE's obligations hereunder shall become effective upon the "Effective Date" and, unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall remain in full force and effect for at least one year thereafter.
This Agreement be deemed effective as of the Effective Date, Agreement and shall terminate on December 31, 2020, unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 3.2.
This Agreement shall continue in force until the earlier to occur of (i) the Owner no longer owns any Receivables or Participation Interests, and (ii) subject to Section 7(d), the delivery of written notice of termination by the Owner to the Servicer pursuant to Section 7(c), in each case upon which event this Agreement shall automatically terminate unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Servicer and the Owner.
Agent's appointment hereunder shall commence on the next business day after the later of (i) the date hereof, or (ii) the date Agent has confirmed that Client's records have been converted to Agent's system (the "Effective Date"), and shall continue for three years thereafter (the "Initial Term").
In relation to each Fund, this Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (a) the expiration of the term of such Fund or (b) the date, if any, on which Oaktree US (or any affiliate it has substituted in its stead in accordance with such Fund's Fund Agreement) is removed as general partner of such Fund or (c) the Sub-Advisor ceasing to be authorised and regulated by the FCA.
This Agreement shall take effect on the date of signature of the Agreement by both parties and shall terminate when all obligations required of both parties hereunder are performed unless either terminated earlier or extended by the parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement subject to clause 4.0.
At any time that there is no uncompleted Statement of Work outstanding, either party may terminate this Agreement for any or no reason upon fifteen (15) days advance notice to the other.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof and shall continue until terminated by either party pursuant to Paragraph 6 hereof.
The term of this Services Agreement shall begin on the date of execution and shall continue in effect for a period of two years.
Subject to the provisions for termination hereinafter provided, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a minimum period of 12 months (the "Minimum Period") and thereafter upon the mutual agreement of the Company and Maimon (the "Service Term").
This Agreement shall terminate (a) at the option of any party, upon 90 days' advance written notice to the other parties hereto; or (b) in the event of a material breach that has not been cured within ten days following a written notice of breach to the breaching party.
This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by the Parties.
The Appointment may be terminated by either party giving the other at least 12 months' notice in writing.
Your employment shall commence on 26 September 2019 and shall continue unless and until either party gives notice to the other in accordance with paragraph 11 below.
This Agreement shall terminate immediately and automatically upon the termination of Company's Participation Agreement(s) with the Funds, and in such event no notice need be given hereunder.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
"Service Period" means April. 1st 2019 through to March 30, 2020<omitted>The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
Subject to earlier termination as provided below, this Service Agreement is for the total duration of the Company's Offering (the "Initial Term") unless either party requests termination at least 30 days prior to the end of the then-current term.
The Executive's employment with the Company will commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue, subject to the remaining terms of this Agreement, until terminated by either party giving the other the following minimum advance written notice: 2.1.1 6 weeks' notice; 2.1.2 such other longer period as required by law.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the day and year first above written and shall govern the relations between the parties hereto thereafter, unless terminated as set forth in this Section 6.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year, commencing January 1, 2008 and ending on December 31, 2008.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate at the end of the Exclusivity Period (i.e., a three (3) year period commencing on the Effective Date).
Subject to the provisions of Section 14 hereof, the term of this Agreement and the sponsorship described herein shall commence on January 1, 2010 and extend through December 31, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be four (4) Processing Years commencing on the Effective Date of this Agreement and ending on June 30, 2010 unless
This Agreement shall automatically terminate at and as of (the first to occur of): (a) 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on the 30th day after the Effective Date (if Purchaser has not commenced the Offer, with the unanimous consent of the Sponsors, by then); (b) the expiration of the Offer (if the Offer is not consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), subject to any extension or subsequent offering period; and (c) the expiration of the Interim Period (if the Offer is consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), in any case, unless sooner terminated by unanimous written consent of the Participating Sponsors; provided, however, that any liability for failure to comply with this Agreement shall survive any such termination.
Unless otherwise terminated as specified in this Section 12, the ---- term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and will not end until the later of (a) twelve (12) months from the Launch Date; or (2) the date Intuit displays a total of 176,717,916 Impressions in accordance with the terms set forth herein ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the "Effective Date" and shall continue for ten (10) Contract Years, unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 6 of this Agreement or extended by renewal by written agreement of the Parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 13(o) of this Agreement (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided for herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence as of the date hereof and shall terminate at the end of the Season which is scheduled to end on October 12, 2002 (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and conclude on October 31, 2010, unless renewed by agreement or sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
If the Launch Date has not occurred by August 31, 1999, Sponsor shall, in its sole discretion, be entitled to terminate this Agreement without any liability and receive a full refund of all amounts paid by Sponsor to drkoop.com pursuant to this Agreement prior to the date of such termination.
The initial term (the "Initial Term"; and together with all extensions and renewals, the "Term") will begin on the date set forth above * * * (the "Launch Date") on which: (i) each of the Sponsor Areas of the drkoop.com Website are operational in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (other than the e-commerce tile placements); and (ii) the links to the<omitted>Sponsor Website or Vitamin Buzz contained in the Sponsor logos or the Sponsor banner advertisements are established in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, subject to earlier termination as set forth in this Agreement.
In the event that Excite has not delivered XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX clickthroughs to the Client Site by the end of twelve (12) months after the Launch Date, the first year of the term of the Agreement will be extended without additional sponsorship and advertising fees for up to an additional four (4) months.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not end until Excite displays of a total of XXXXXXXXXXXXX impressions of Client's advertising banners and promotional placements on the Excite Site and Excite has made reasonable commercial efforts to deliver, at minimum, a goal of XXXXXXXX clickthroughs to the Client Site.
Regardless of Excite's actual delivery of impressions and clickthroughs, the term of this Agreement will not be shorter than two (2) years after the display of the first of Client's advertising banners and promotional placements, subject to the termination rights set forth below.
The initial production period shall be for a period of two (2) months to commence on November 4, 1998 (the "Production Period"), and the remaining term of this Agreement shall be for a period of twenty four (24) months to commence on the tentative launch date of January 4, 1999, unless terminated earlier as provided herein (the "Promotion Period"), (The Production Period and the Promotion Period shall be collectively referred to as the "Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and, unless terminated as provided herein, shall continue through November 30, 1998.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on July 19, 1999 and shall ---- thereafter continue until all above described Sponsor benefits are completed, but in no event beyond the end of the 1999 season (the "Term").
If Hydron does not timely exercise its right to terminate this Agreement, then Hydron agrees that this Agreement shall continue for the entire four (4) year term unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end on the second (2nd) anniversary of the Commencement Date.
Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall take effect on December 1st, 2015 and shall expire on November 30, 2016.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the specific terms of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not end until Excite displays a total of [*****] impressions of the Client advertising banners and promotional placements on the Excite Network as described in this Agreement and pushes [*****] emails using the email vehicles specified in Exhibit B
The services described herein to be provided by Agency shall begin upon execution and delivery of the Outsourcing Agreement and shall continue until termination of Contractor's activities to administer the Notes thereunder.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the date first set forth above, and shall continue in full force and effect until terminated as provided below.
The initial term ("Initial Term") of this Agreement shall be for one year commencing on the 1st day of May, 2006 ("Effective Date").
This agreement shall commence on January 20, 2014 (the "Effective Date") and shall continue in effect for six (6) months (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of the contracted agreement is 5 years from the commencement date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and extend for three (3) years thereafter ("INITIAL TERM"), with an automatic renewal for an indefinite period of time ("EXTENDED TERM"), unless terminated by the parties according to Sections 16.2. or 16.3. herein.
The term of this Agreement will commence on January 1, 1998 (the "Effective Date") and will end on December 31, 1998.
"Term" shall mean the period commencing on the Effective Date and terminating on the eighth anniversary of the Commencement Date, unless the Agreement is extended in accordance with its provisions.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on November 30, 2014 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall be valid for an indefinite period.
This Attachment and its Product Attachments shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in Section 5.0 of the Base Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in Section 5.0.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms hereof, the term of this Agreement shall end on the seventh anniversary of the date hereof.
This Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement will be for two (2) year(s) commencing on the Effective Date.
This Agreement is effective as of August 1, 2004, (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate on July 31, 2009, (the "Termination Date") unless earlier terminated or extended as provided for herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date unless sooner terminated pursuant to the termination provisions herein.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of 1 year after the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated as set forth herein (the "TERM").
This Amendment shall enter into force on the date of its signature by both Parties and, unless otherwise agreed upon in writing by the Parties through a subsequent amendment to the GMA, shall remain in force for the term of the referenced GMA.
The Agreement shall end on the End Date without any further action, unless otherwise provided under this Agreement.
"End Date" means the date on which this Agreement is terminated or expires, and shall be the earlier to occur of the following, as appropriate: (i) the end of the Initial Term as defined in Clause 3.1of this Agreement; or, (ii) the end of the term of each annual renewal of this Agreement as per Clause 3.2 of this Agreement; or, (iii) the date on which all or part of this Agreement is terminated as per Clause 16 ("Termination");
The Agreement enters into force on the Signing Date; it will have a duration of [*****] as from the Start Date (the "Initial Term").
The first paid (Initial) Maintenance Term shall commence upon expiration of the Warranty Period and shall continue for twelve (12) months thereafter.
This Agreement shall apply and remain in effect from the Effective Date and perpetually thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the Section entitled "Termination."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the date that payment is due for Minimum Payment Period 7, pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof and as set forth in Attachment B hereof, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
This Agreement shall come into force on the Effective Date and shall remain in force and effect for a period of [Redacted - Commercially Sensitive - Term Details] , unless this Agreement is extended or previously terminated in accordance with this clause 12, pursuant to clause 15.1 (Force Majeure), or (ii) by the mutual written consent of the Parties (the "Term").
The Agreement shall have an initial term of ten (10) years commencing from the Effective Date and ending on the tenth (10th) anniversary thereof (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of Section 15.2 or Section 15.3.
The "Term" shall begin on the date hereof and shall expire December 31, 2023, subject to early termination pursuant to the terms of Section 19. Flotek, may, by written notice given to FCC on or before September 30, 2023, elect for the Term to be extended to December 31, 2024.
TERM OF EXECUTION From January 30, 2012 until July 29, 2012
Subject to the General Terms and Conditions of Transporter's FERC Gas Tariff and Rate Schedule FTS/ITS, this Agreement shall be effective as of the date of physical completion of and initial deliveries on Transporter's pipeline and shall continue for a primary term of ten years.
This Agreement shall be effective from the date first above written and shall continue indefinitely until terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
The Agreement shall continue through the project's in-service date and for a period of fifteen (15) years after the project's in-service date ("Initial Term").
"Initial Term" means the period commencing on the Effective Date and concluding on the last day of the month in which the fifth anniversary of the Offtake Agreement Effective Date falls.
"Offtake Agreement" means that certain Crude Oil Sale and Purchase Agreement between the Principal and STASCO dated 1 November 1999.
This contract shall be effective as of November 1, 2002, and shall remain in force and effect, unless modified as per Exhibit B, until October 31, 2012.
"Royalty Term" means, with respect to sales of a Product in the Territory, the time period beginning on the First Commercial Sale of such Product in the Territory and expiring on the latest of the following dates: (a) *** (b) *** (c) ***<omitted>Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall continue in effect until the expiration of the Royalty Term as defined in Section 1.87 ("Term"), and thereafter Green Cross has no remaining payment obligations with respect to the Products pursuant to Section 8.5 above and MacroGenics shall have no further obligations hereunder.
The term of the agreement is 20 years, during which if any main equipment of any Party stops operation due to technical problem or at the end of its life cycle, the agreement shall be automatically terminated.
This Agreement shall come into force as of January 1, 2013 and remain valid for 1 year.
As of the effective date hereof, the original cooperation of mobile game business executed between the Parties shall terminate automatically.
Party A and Party B agree and confirm that the term of cooperation under this Agreement shall commence from the execution date hereof and end on the expiration date of the operation term of Party B ("Term of Cooperation").
Unless this Agreement is early terminated in accordance with this Agreement or other agreements signed by the Parties hereof, the term of the validity of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date.
"Intended End of Term" means the later of (a) the seventh (7th) anniversary of the Effective Date and (b) the date determined to be the "Intended End of Term" under Section 7.2.2(d) (Effects of Tolling).<omitted>This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms, including by Ginkgo pursuant to Section 7.3 (Buy-Down Election) or extended by the mutual written agreement of the Parties, shall continue until the Intended End of Term (such time period, as may be extended pursuant to this Section 13.3.1 (Term - General), the "Term"); provided that, if,<omitted>at the expiration of the Intended End of Term, Ginkgo has paid the Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitment, but will not have paid to BLI the Full Purchase Target, then the Term of this Agreement shall automatically extend for an additional [***] ([***]) year period from the date of the expiration of the then-Intended End of Term so that, among other things, BLI may potentially receive the benefit of the Full Purchase Target and Ginkgo may receive the continuing benefit of royalty-free licenses.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial term of three (3) years from the Promotion Commencement Date, divided into three one-year periods.
Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall commence effective June 1, 1998, and shall continue for a term of three (3) years expiring May 31, 2001 (the "Term").
"Term" means the earlier of: (a) the end of the two year period from the Effective Date to 31 July 2013; or (b) the last day of the calendar month within which the Maximum Distribution Commitment is reached.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as set out in this Agreement, shall continue for the Term.
This promotion shall begin on June 1,1999 and shall terminate June 1, 2000 (herein "Term")
The Joint Venture shall commence on the 1st of March, 2003, and shall be effective until February 28, 2004 unless extended by written agreement of the Joint Venturers not less than thirty (30) days prior to scheduled termination.
Except as otherwise provided herein, the term of this Agreement is three (3) years from the Execution Date ("Cooperation Period").
The term of this Agreement is twelve (12) months from the date hereof, and will be automatically renewed for one (1) additional twelve month period unless either party shall notify the other in writing of its intention not to renew.
This Agreement is effective as of the date hereof and shall remain in full force and effect for the period (the "Covered Period") commencing on the date hereof and ending on the date that is the earliest of: (i) the Company's failure to appoint the ValueAct Designee to the Board following the ValueAct Group's written request to the Company to have the ValueAct Designee appointed to the Board pursuant to Section 1(a) of this Agreement; (ii) the failure of the Company to comply in good faith with Section 1(e) of this Agreement; or (iii) the date which is the 60t h day prior to the Company's 2016 annual meeting of stockholders.
This Agreement shall take effect as of the Effective Date and shall expire upon completion of the Project as set forth in the Project Plan and after payment of all payments due and payable according to this Agreement, unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
"Expiration Date" means March 31, 2020.
The Joint Venture is a fixed term Joint Venture beginning November 27, 2018 and ending November 30th, 2019 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on February 1, 1998 and end on the first anniversary of the date of this Agreement; provided that (a) either party may terminate this Agreement, effective at any time after the first three months of the Term, by giving 30 days' written notice of termination to the other party, and (b) either party may terminate this Agreement at any time by giving written notice of termination to the other party, if the other party commits a material breach of its obligations hereunder that is not cured within 30 days after notice thereof from the non-breaching party.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue, unless terminated sooner in accordance with this Article VIII, until June 27, 2011 (the "Term").
This Agreement shall continue until terminated as provided herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated under the terms of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the Services to be provided with respect to any Account which is registered as an investment company under the 1940 Act (herein referred to as a "registered investment company") are services referred to in the definition of "investment advisor" under Section 202(a)(11) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (herein referred to as "investment advisory services"), then with respect to such Account, this Agreement: (i) shall not commence until the effective date of its approval by the board of directors or trustees ("Board") of such Account; (ii) shall continue from year to year thereafter, subject to the provisions for termination and all other terms and conditions hereof, only if such continuation shall be specifically approved at least annually by a majority of the Board, including a majority of the members of the Board who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons of any such party (other than as members of the Board) cast in person at a meeting called for that purpose; (iii) may be terminated at any time without the payment of any penalty by the Board or by a vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities (as defined in Section 2(a)(42) of the 1940 Act) of the Account on 60 days' written notice to the Adviser; (iv) shall automatically terminate in the event of (A) its assignment (as defined in the 1940 Act) or (B) termination of the Advisory Agreement for any reason whatsoever.
Subject to the remaining provisions of this Section, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the effective date first above written and shall continue until terminated by mutual agreement of the parties hereto or by either party on not less than 60 days' written notice to the other party hereto.
This Limited Power of Attorney shall be revoked and terminated automatically upon the cancellation or termination of the Services Agreement or as to any Fund upon the cancellation or termination of the Adviser's Investment Advisory Contract for such Fund.
Unless otherwise mutually agreed to by the Parties, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end upon expiration of the Term, unless terminated early as contemplated hereunder.
"Term" means, on a Country-by-Country and Collaboration Product-by-Collaboration Product basis, the period from the Effective Date until the later of (a) the expiration or termination of the last Valid Claim of a Patent Right covering the Pooled Compound in such Collaboration Product in such Country, and (b) fifteen (15) years from First Commercial Sale in such Country, unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with Article 14.
The term of the CDx Development Program shall be five (5) years.
The term for Database Insights under Section 3.1.8 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Database Insights Term").
The term "Agreement Term" shall mean the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is terminated sooner as provided in Article 17, expiring on the date when all work has been completed or terminated under all R&D Plans.
The initial term of the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program will be five (5) years beginning on the Effective Date.
The term for Sample Profiling set forth in Section 3.1.4 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Profiling Term").
This Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue for the Agreement Term.
The initial term of the ctDNA Platform Development Program will be twelve (12) months.
The initial term of this Agreement shall, unless sooner terminated by consent of all parties, expires in five (5) years from the date of Effective Date.
The Contract Term shall extend for a period of fifty (50) years.
This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date, and will continue until the expiration of the "Sales Term" as that term is defined in the Sales Dealer Agreement dated as of August 16, 2017 between Vivint and Vivint Solar Developer, LLC (the "Term")."
The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years, subject to the prior termination rights provided below.
Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, this Agreement continues in effect for an initial term of seven (7) years ("Initial Term") and will automatically renew for one or more annual periods after the Initial Term (each a "Renewal Term") unless either party gives notice of non-renewal at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the beginning of any Renewal Term.
The duration of this Venture (the "Term") will begin on March 1, 2020 and continue in full force and effect until February 28, 2025 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
This Amendment shall only become effective upon the VNBJ Closing with respect to Article 1.1 and the VNBZ Closing with respect to Article 1.2, and shall terminate without any force or effect in the event that the VNBJ SPA and the VNBZ SPA are terminated in accordance with the terms thereof.
This JV Agreement shall become effective on the signing date and shall have a duration of * years, extendable for a further * years, unless notice of non- renewal is sent one year before the natural expiry date.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of execution and shall continue in force and effect for an indefinite term thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the provisions of Article 16 or by all the Parties in writing.
This agreement shall terminate: a. Automatically if any public authority cancels or declines to renew the Agency's license or Certificate of Authority. b. Immediately if either party gives detailed written notice to the other of alleged gross and willful misconduct, fraud or material misrepresentation.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date hereof and shall terminate upon the termination of the Offering.
This Agreement will become effective as of the date first written above and will continue in effect thereafter until terminated pursuant to Paragraph 4.2 below.
This Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years commencing upon the Effective Date hereof unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement (the "Initial Term").
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the later to occur of the date that is (x) three (3) years from the date hereof and (y) the date on which an affiliate of Freedom Mortgage is not acting as the external manager of Cherry Hill.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years following the Effective Date or until the Studies are completed, whichever is later, unless extended or unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof.
Term: This Study Order will continue until the Study is completed, which is expected to be ________ (__) months after the Effective Date, or until terminated early as provided in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the date first set forth above and, shall expire on the later of (i) five (5) years from the date hereof, or (ii) with respect to any projects identified in any contract for which VET TECH is billing the client directly, upon the completion of COOL TECH's Services and receipt of payment by COOL TECH from VET TECH for said services.
Unless terminated sooner, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years thereafter (the "Initial Term") and shall automatically renew for additional one (1) year terms on the terms and conditions set forth herein (each a "Renewal Term" and collectively, the "Term") unless either party gives the other Party Notice of its intention to terminate this Agreement ninety (90) days before the end of the Initial Term or Renewal Term, if any.
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this ---- Agreement shall terminate on the later of (i) the third anniversary of the Effective Date or (ii) the date on which ETI ceases to be a Subsidiary of NTL.
THIS STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), made effective this 17t h day of February 2016, through February 16, 2019 (the "Initial Term") i
Either party may terminate this agreement after 3 years following the effective date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall remain in effect for a period of 5 years ("Initial Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years from the date of execution and may be extended subject to satisfactory agreement on ongoing commercial terms, to be agreed two (2) months prior to the expiration of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until the later of (a) the fourth (4th) anniversary of the Effective Date, or (b) the completion or termination of the Research and receipt by LBIO of all deliverables due from MD Anderson hereunder, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.2 or Section 9.14.
This Agreement is effective on the Effective Date and shah continue in effect until the earlier of (a) the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date, and (b) termination by either Party for any reason upon thirty (30) days' written notice to the other Party; provided, however, that no Party shall be able to terminate this Agreement so long as such Party is a Defaulting Party under this Agreement.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until it is terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 15 of this Agreement ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and will continue in effect until five (5) year(s) from such date (the "Initial Term") unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 25.
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Initial Term") will be ten (10) years from the Effective Date, provided that at any time following the 7th anniversary of such date, either party may terminate such strategic alliance upon not less than 60 days' prior written notice to the other party.
The rights and obligations of the Farids Group set forth in this Article VI (other than those set forth in Sections 6.8 and 6.9) shall terminate on the date that the Farids Group owns less than 3% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock, but in no event earlier than the Expiration Date (as defined in the Warrant).
The term of this Agreement is twenty-four (24) months.
This Agreement shall be for an initial term of five (5) years, and unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall automatically renew for an additional term of five (5) years thereafter.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for a term of ten (10) years, unless previously terminated in accordance with Clause 15 (Termination).
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of two (2) years ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 11 of this Agreement.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 4.2 or 4.3, this Agreement will be in effect from the Effective Date until completion of the Research Program.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of three (3) years after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement is effective on the day of May 1, 2013 and the effective term is the same as the Cooperation Ter
The Cooperation Term of the parties shall be two years from May 1, 2013 to April 30, 2015.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, (i) that this Section 8 shall survive any such termination and (ii) no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, shall continue in full force and effect until terminated pursuant to this Article 18.
This Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of: (i) the conclusion of the Standstill Period or (ii) delivery of written notice by one Party to the other Party of a material breach of this Agreement by the breaching Party that is uncured after ten (10) calendar days of notice of such breach.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement will be effective as of the date of its execution, and term of the Cooperation will be four years from the date on which the channel is uploaded.<omitted>The channel is expected to be uploaded on August 1, 201
Unless otherwise mutual agreed between the Parties, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the earlier of the below events occur: (a) The fifth (5t h) anniversary of this Agreement; and (b) Otkritie ceasing to own more than 2,237,216 class B shares or American depositary shares of QIWI.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period in accordance with Section 4, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
Subject to the other provisions contained herein, this AGREEMENT shall be for a term of thirty (30) years from the Effective Date, which shall automatically renew from year-to-year thereafter unless terminated by a Party upon sixty (60) days' written notice after the end of the term.
The term of this Agreement shall be fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the following provisions of this Article:
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this IP Agreement shall extend until the last date of expiration of the SRAM Intellectual Property rights licensed under this IP Agreement.
The term of this Agreement is five (5) years unless the early termination in accordance with this Agreement.
The provisions of this Agreement, including the license rights provided in this Article III, shall not be terminable or revocable for any reason.
The term of this IP Agreement shall be from the Effective Date until all of the Intellectual Property licensed hereunder is in the public domain (provided, however, that in such event the representations and warranties in Article III shall survive (and terminate) in accordance with the Acquisition Agreement) or this IP Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 4.3.
This Agreement shall remain in effect for sixty (60) months from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
Unless otherwise agreed in writing by Accuray and Distributor and subject to the termination rights contained in this Agreement, this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until the termination of the Strategic Alliance Agreement; provided, however, that if a Termination Election relating to this Agreement is made pursuant to Section 10.3 of the Strategic Alliance Agreement prior to such termination, this Agreement shall terminate 36 months after such Termination Election (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement shall terminate on May 31, 2015, unless sooner terminated.
As provided for in this Section 1, the term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years, beginning on the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"); provided, however, the Initial Term shall be subject to automatic successive renewal terms of three (3) years each (the "Renewal Terms" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
The terms of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date and will be automatically renewed on each anniversary of the effective date, for a renewal term of one year unless either party provides written notification of its intention not to renew this Agreement at least one month prior to the expiration of the initial or any renewal terms.
Distributor's appointment is for a term of one year from the Effective Date, renewable automatically unless terminated under Section 18
The Term will commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and will remain in effect, unless sooner terminated under paragraphs 5.2, 5.3, or 5.4, until the termination date specified in Exhibit A.
September 30, 1997
This Agreement shall have an initial term of one (1) year from the date first above written (the "Initial Term"), and shall thereafter automatically renew for successive two (2) year periods (each a "Renewal Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement shall be two (2) years from the Effective Date with automatic annual renewals thereafter provided either party does not provide sixty (60) days notice of termination prior to the renewal date or the Agreement is not otherwise terminated as set forth in Section 8.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) calendar years from the Agreement date.
The term of this Agreement shall be ten (10) years (the "Term") which shall commence on the date upon which the Company delivers to Distributor the last Sample, as defined hereinafter.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date first above written and shall terminate on 31 December 2006, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years from the date first set forth above and shall thereafter automatically renew for additional two (2) year terms unless a party provides the other party with notice of non-renewal no less than 6 months prior to the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term unless earlier terminated as follows
April 15, 2000 through October 15, 2000 (6 Months from the Effective Date)
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) years from the Effective Date and shall thereafter be automatically renewed for subsequent one (1) year periods unless either party notifies the other in writing of its election not to renew the Agreement at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the expiration of the then-current term.
Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until terminated by either Party upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice.
This contract shall be for a term of one year commencing on the date first above written; thereafter, it shall automatically continue until terminated by either party upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for 3 years (the "Initial Term") commencing on the date first set forth above (the "Commencement Date") and ending on the 3rd anniversary of the Commencement Date.
The Term of this Agreement shall be for a period of [* ****] years and [*****] months commencing the 1st day of September 2004 and terminating the [*****] day of [*****].
The term of the license hereby granted shall commence August 1, 1995 and continue until January 30, 2000, unless sooner terminated in the manner provided in the immediately succeeding sentence or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
Unless otherwise provided for in this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall be three years, commencing on the date of this Agreement and expiring on the third anniversary date of this Agreement (the "Termination Date").
The COMPANY agrees to a one year engagement to contract the CELEBRITY to speak at the company meetings and seminars along with endorsement of the Company products.
Notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement shall terminate upon the Trust's payment to the Company of the sum of the aggregate amount of the premiums paid under the Policy since inception (which amount includes the outstanding principal balance of the Demand Note).
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing on January 1, 2000 and concluding December 31, 2003, unless terminated sooner as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall extend from the date of execution hereof through and until _______, unless extended by written agreement of the parties.
The term of this Agreement shall commence January 1, 1996, and shall continue for a period of three (3) years, concluding December 31, 1998.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing as of May 31, 1999 and concluding May 31, 2000.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Article 13, shall continue in full force and effect, on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the Secondary Royalty Term with respect to such Product expires, at which time this Agreement shall expire in its entirety with respect to such Product in such country.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and unless terminated earlier by mutual written agreement of the Parties or pursuant to Section 9.2 (Termination At Will) or Section 9.3 (Termination for Cause) below, the term of this Agreement shall continue in effect until Achaogen ceases development and commercialization of Plazomicin ("Term").
Except as provided in Sections 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, and 6.5, this Agreement shall terminate one (1) year from the Rig Release Date, if such has not been terminated sooner pursuant to the provisions hereof.
The term of this Agreement shall be for 10 years commencing on the date of execution of this Agreement by AIRSOPURE.
The Term shall begin on the Effective Date and will end, without further notice, on the Expiration Date set forth in the Addendum, unless terminated earlier under the terms of this Agreement.<omitted>Expiration Date: at midnight on the last day of the month fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date
The term of this Agreement starts on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is earlier terminated in accordance with its provisions, will expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date.
You must operate the Franchise at a mutually agreeable site (the "Premises") to be identified after the signing of this Agreement, and to use the System and the Marks in the operation of that Franchise, for a term of 10 years (the "Initial Term")
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, this Agreement will expire on _______________________________________.
This Agreement shall be effective as of that date (the "Effective Date") the Site becomes fully operational as set forth in writing and executed by both Parties and shall continue for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date.
This Agreement will be effective beginning on 12:01 a.m., Eastern Time, on the day after the date of last signature to these Base Terms ("Effective Date") and ending on the expiration and/or termination of all Service Option Attachments, unless the Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and will terminate on the third anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreemen
This Agreement will take effect on the Effective Date and remain in effect for a period of 1 year; provided, that Sections 2 and 3 level shall terminate promptly upon (a) any action or omission by Client or any of its customers which constitutes a breach of or default by TrueLink under any System Agreement or Credit Repository Agreement, which breach or default has either not been cured or cannot be cured within the applicable cure period and the consequences of which is that TrueLink will lose material rights it had pursuant to said Agreements or (b) any violations or breach by Client of Sections 8a - 8c.
This agreement shall be for a term of five years from the date of this document.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.
"Term" means the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and continuing thereafter indefinitely until this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 10 below.
Subject to early termination of this Agreement pursuant to Sections 7.2, 7.3 or 7.4, this Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue until the expiration or earlier termination of the Development and License Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid for a period of five (5) years with automatic renewal of one year thereafter until terminated<omitted>by either party with one (1) year written notice prior to the expiration of the initial period or any extension period thereof.
Unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 12.2 below, the initial term of this Agreement shall expire on 31 December 2024 (the "Initial Term") unless the Parties mutually agree in writing any extension to the Initial Term.
This Agreement shall have a term of four (4) years from the effective date first set forth above, and shall automatically renew for additional one year terms unless earlier terminated by either party.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall extend for a period of Five (5) years thereafter ("Initial Term"), unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein or is extended by mutual written agreement of the Parties.
Unless terminated earlier as provided herein, this Agreement shall terminate on the date three (3) years from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement is three years from and including the date of this Agreement (the "Initial Term"), with automatic renewal for additional successive one-year terms (each a "Renewal Term" and together wit the Initial Term, the "Term") unless no later than [* * *] days prior to the end of the Initial Term, or any Renewal Term either party notifies the other that it wishes to terminate this Agreement effective the end of the Initial Term or that Renewal Term, as applicable.
Except as otherwise set forth in Sections 9.2 and 9.3 or Exhibit A hereof, the term of this Agreement shall be eighteen (18) months ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for a period of one year from the date of its execution and from year to year thereafter provided such continuance is specifically approved by a majority of the trustees of the Trust who (i) are not "interested persons" of the Trust or any other party to this Agreement, as defined in the 1940 Act, and (ii) have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of this Agreement ("Non- Interested Trustees").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3 of this Agreement, shall continue until the twentieth (20th) anniversary of the Effective Date; provided, however, (i) Operator shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Owner, if Operator provides a substitute operator acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, who (A) has experience operating similar assets, (B) has the ability to provide at least the same quality of service as Operator, (C) has the financial ability to perform the obligations hereunder, and (D) is ready, willing and able to execute an operation and maintenance agreement substantially similar to this Agreement and acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, and (ii) Owner shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Operator.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 8, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
To the extent not terminated previously by AIG pursuant to the foregoing, this Agreement will terminate automatically one year after the closing of any sale of the Company by AIG, and all provisions hereof will be of no further force and effect.
It shall be effective on 06 October 2000 and shall have a duration of two years.
Subject to termination pursuant to this Agreement, the Non Exclusive license granted by Licensor to Licensee shall be for an initial period of 36 months, commencing from the acceptance date, (the "Initial Period").
This Agreement and the license granted under this Agreement shall remain in effect perpetually as long as fees are paid by Sparkling in accordance with the Fee Schedule and the Agreement is not otherwise terminated in accordance with this Section.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for an initial period of five years until terminated in the manner described in Clause 16 below.
In addition, DCL may terminate this Agreement with effect from the 3rd, 4th or 5th anniversary of the Commencement Date by giving not less than six months notice in writing to SEV
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Services Commencement Date and remain effective for ten (10) years (the "Initial Term") unless terminated in accordance with its terms.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in operation for at least a period of twenty-five (25) years (hereinafter called "Initial Period") after the RFCS Date and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
This Agreement shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of: (i) the date on which the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement equal $5,000,000; (ii) the Release Date (as defined in Section 19) or (iii) payment in full, in cash, of all Obligations and the termination of the Financing Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement is less than $5,000,000 and any payment, or any part thereof, on account of any of the Obligations is invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Agent or the Lenders upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or reorganization of any Borrower or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for any Borrower, or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Article 9.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date and year first above written and shall continue in operation for at least an initial period of twenty-five (25) years following the RFS Date (hereinafter referred to as "initial Period") and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
Subject to the provisions of this AGREEMENT, and with effect from the date when the party signing last in time appends its signature to this agreement ("the effective date"), and enduring in perpetuity unless terminated as provided for elsewhere in this AGREEMENT, SAP AFRICA grants, and TELKOM accepts a non-exclusive, non-transferable licence to USE the SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION and other SAP AFRICA PROPRIETARY INFORMATION at the specified DESIGNATED SITE within the TERRITORY.
The licence granted hereunder shall become effective upon execution of this AGREEMENT by both parties and shall endure indefinitely unless terminated under clause 6. 2.
Upon expiration of that 12 months, MMMW affords the Customer the opportunity of a continuation of support on an annual basis as follows: The Initial Term of this Technical Infrastructure Maintenance Agreement is twelve months, commencing on the Effective Date.
This Agreement commences on the date first above written, and will remain in effect for the period of five (5) years, except as otherwise provided herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 7, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, shall continue for the duration of the Lease, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3.
The initial period of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue until March 31, 2003.
This OMA shall expire upon the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the Effective Date and (ii) the date that all Shares of Stock of the Seller Trusts as set forth on Schedule A hereto have been sold (the "Term").
The Term will be 3 years from Effective Date with an automatic 2 year term extensions unless otherwise advised by one of the Parties.
This Agreement between HEMISPHERX and SCIEN shall be in effect beginning the last date of execution set forth on the signature page to the Agreement (the "Effective Date") to which this Quality Agreement is Exhibit 2 and remain in effect until HEMISPHERX and SCIEN terminate the Agreement or it is superseded by a revised Quality Agreement executed by both parties.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue unless and until terminated as provided herein.
Subject to Article 22.2, this Agreement shall remain in force for an Initial Period of 1 year, which may be renewed by mutual consent for such period as the Parties may agree ("Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement or for any of the following reasons:
This Agreement begins on the Effective Date and shall continue indefinitely unless sooner terminated as provided in this Article 5.
This Agreement shall terminate as to the Remarketing Agent and its obligations hereunder with respect to VRRM-MFP Shares upon the earliest to occur of (a) the effective date of the resignation or removal of such Remarketing Agent pursuant to Section 5(a) and Section 5(b), respectively, (b) the completion of a successful Transition Remarketing on a New Mode Commencement Date in connection with transition to a new Mode, or (c) the date on which no VRRM-MFP Shares are Outstanding.
In addition, the<omitted>obligations of the Remarketing Agents may be terminated by them by notice given to the Company prior to 12:00 noon, New York City time on the Remarketing Settlement Date if, prior to that time, any of the applicable conditions precedent to the obligations of the Remarketing Agents described in Section 5 hereof shall have failed to occur.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to earlier termination in accordance with the provisions of Section 16, shall continue in force for a period being the longer of fifteen (15) years from first Commercial Launch of the Product in the Territory or until the expiration of the last valid claim in the PPI Patents covering the Product in any country of the Territory (the "Initial Term").
In addition, the obligations of the Remarketing Agent hereunder may be terminated by it by notice given to the Company prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date immediately preceding the Commencement Date if, prior to that time, any of the events described in Sections 6(i), (j) or (k) shall have occurred.
This Agreement shall terminate (i) the Business Day immediately following the Remarketing Settlement Date, (ii) at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the last date of the Remarketing if the Remarketing is not successful or (iii) on the effective date of the resignation or removal of the Remarketing Agent and the appointment of a new Remarketing Agent.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Agreement or extended by mutual agreement between the parties, shall continue in effect for thirty six (36) months following the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall be effective on the later of the dates that it is executed by Imprimis and Surgical (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate pursuant to the terms of the SOW (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided in this Agreement, the initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period beginning on the Effective Date and ending ten (10) years thereafter unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall be five years commencing on the Effective Date and ending at the close of business on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement shall commence with the first race ----- of the 1998 Winston Cup season and shall continue until the final race of the year-2000 Winston Cup season.
The term of this Agreement will begin on December 15, 1997 and will end the later of (i) December 15, 1999 or (ii) Excite's delivery of all of the guaranteed Click-throughs described in Section 1(f).
This Agreement shall terminate and, subject to the provisions set forth below, be of no further force or effect on the exercise by the Sponsor of its right to terminate this Agreement as provided in subsection 6.2, provided that, in any event, sections 3, 7 and 8 and, in the event that such termination occurs by virtue of paragraph 6.2(b), subsection 2.5 shall not terminate (except as set forth therein) and shall continue in full force and effect for the benefit of the Sponsor or the other parties to this Agreement, as the case may be.
The term (the "Term") shall commence on November 1, 2007 and end on October 31, 2008 (unless terminated earlier in accordance with the General Provisions).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force and effect until one (1) year subsequent to the Effective Date, provided however, that Tickets may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon thirty (30) days' notice to MP3. com at any time prior to the expiration of sixty (60) days subsequent to the Effective Date.
This term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and terminates on August 2nd, 2015 upon completion of event.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for six (6) months.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue in effect for a period of five (5) years (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions set out herein.
This Agreement shall continue in force for a term of twelve (12) months from the Effective Date, unless terminated earlier under the provisions of this Article 8 (the "Term"); PROVIDED that TouchStar shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time after the Effective Date upon not less than fifteen (15) days' prior written notice to Reseller.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for an Initial Term of five (5) years, and will automatically renew for additional periods of five (5) years unless one Party notifies the other of its intention not to renew, no less than 12 months prior to the expiration of the then-current term, unless terminated as permitted under this Agreement.
This Agreement comes into force as of the Effective Date and shall remain valid during the term of the LSA.
This Supply Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue for a period of [***] unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Supply Agreement.
Unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.2 below, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a FIVE (5) year period.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of its execution and shall remain in force for three years (the "Initial Term").
The term of this Supply Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date first set forth above and shall remain in effect until the later of (a) July 31, 2021 or (b) the date that the Parties enter into the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement and Sutro is supplying to SutroVax each Product under the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement (the "Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with Section 10.2.
The term of this Agreement will commence upon the Effective Date and will continue until the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated or extended under this Article 8 (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of the Services, unless terminated as set out herein, shall continue up to and including 28 February 2000 ("the Initial Term").
This Development Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and continue for four (4) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 10.2, or unless the parties extend the term by mutual written Development Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement will be in effect for one year from the Effective Date and will automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods unless terminated as provided below.
This Agreement shall be effective through and including March 31, 2004.
This Agreement shall be effective until the earlier of (a) its termination in accordance with the provisions of this Article 14 or (b) the date that is two (2) years after the date of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement will renew automatically for successive terms of one (1) year each unless a party to this Agreement delivers written notice of termination to the other party to this Agreement at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the original or any renewal term or the parties to this Agreement do not agree in writing to the Quota Amount referred to in subsection 14.2(b)(1) for any one (1) year renewal term at least sixty (60) days prior to the commencement of such term.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on January 1, 2000 and continue for an initial period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 7 hereof, and may be renewed under Section 8 hereof (the initial period plus any renewal period, the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This agreement shall begin upon the date of its execution by MA and acceptance in writing by Company and shall remain in effect until the end of the current calendar year and shall be automatically renewed for successive one (1) year periods unless otherwise terminated according to the cancellation or termination provisions contained in paragraph 18 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall terminate on June 30, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement commences as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to any express provision of this Agreement, shall continue until five (5) years following the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b) [Term and Termination].
The term of this Agreement shall be effective as of the date first stated above and shall continue for a term of three (3) years, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement (the "Term"); provided, however, that PrimeCall may elect to terminate this Agreement, upon thirty (30) days' written notice, at any time from and after the time that collectively RSL Communications, Ltd. and/or its Affiliates holds less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of DeltaThree's outstanding shares.
This Agreement will become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated pursuant to Sections 3.1<omitted>, shall remain effective for two (2) years from and after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This agreement shall commence as of date first above written, and shall Continue through December 31, 2004 ("the Term").
The Term shall commence on July 23, 2013 and shall expire on July 22, 2016, unless otherwise terminated earlier pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall have an Initial Term of three (3) years.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for a period of five years following the initial date of execution of the Memorandum, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 6.2 or Section 2.8 ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall begin as of the Effective Date and continue until Acceptance of all Deliverables for Milestones #1 and #2 pursuant to Section 3.4 and completion of Milestone #3, unless earlier terminated under Section 8.2, as provided for under the Other Agreements, or as mutually agreed by the Parties.
The term of this Agreement shall automatically become effective upon the occurrence of (i) ETON executing a commercial supply agreement with a contract manufacturing organization within forty-five (45) days of the Execution Date, provided that ETON has exercised best efforts to execute such agreement and the failure to execute is solely caused by the refusal or inability of the proposed manufacturing organization to sign a reasonable agreement; and (ii) acceptance for review of the Dossier or marketing application for [ * * * ] by the FDA no later than September 2, 2019 (such date, the "Effective Date") and shall end upon the termination or expiration of the Agreement as set forth in Section 11 (the "Term").
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Article, this Agreement will continue in full force beginning on the Effective Date and ending two (2) years thereafter ("Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the longer of the first anniversary of the Effective Date or the duration of the Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement (the "Term").
This agreement begins on the Commencement Date and, subject to clause 11.2, shall continue for an initial term of one (1) years (Initial Term) and indefinitely after that until terminated by either party giving at least twelve (12) months' prior written notice to expire on or after the expiry date of the initial term.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date first written above and shall continue in effect for a period of Three (3) years.
This Agreement shall become effective upon the date first written above and shall remain in full force and effect for a period of two years (2), unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions in this Agreement.
Unless terminated earlier as provided in this agreement, this Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms hereo
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and automatically renewing annually thereafter, unless either party provides a thirty-day notice of written termination one to the other ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of four (4) years, commencing on the Effective Date, which term may be extended for up to three (3) years by written agreement of both Parties prior to the expiration date of the initial term or any extension thereof (collectively, the "Term").
The term of the Franchise shall be twenty (20) years, commencing on January 1, 2016.
The term of this Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue until terminated as hereinafter provided (the "Term").
Terms of the project: 12 weeks from February 8, 2018 to May 3, 2018
This Agreement shall come into force on the Date of the Agreement, and shall, subject to article 18, remain in full force and effect for an initial period of *** from the Commercial Launch Date.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for one (I) year, unless earlier terminated as expressly provided in Sections 1.3. 10.1. or 10.2 of this Agreement (the *Initial Term")
This Agreement will remain in effect for Thirty-six (36)<omitted>months following the Hosting Service Ready Date ("Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Article XVI, this IP Agreement and the licenses granted herein will continue in effect from the Effective Date until the expiration of the last to expire of the Patents and any additional period of time thereafter that any of the Patents remain enforceable such as in the United States where a party can sue for infringement after a patent expires and seek damages for any infringement of the patent during the six years immediately preceding the filing of a suit for infringement.
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate on December 31, 2034 (such period, including as may be extended in accordance with the subsequent sentence, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article 11, shall expire on the last day of the Royalty Term.
This term of this Agreement shall commence on the EFFECTIVE DATE and shall continue, in each country, until the date of expiration of the last to expire patent within PATENT RIGHT(S) in that country.
The "Term" of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration or earlier termination of the last Addendum to expire or be terminated, at which time this Agreement will expire, unless this Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") (a) shall commence on the first day of the Warranty Period for the first Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation and (b) shall, unless terminated earlier under Section 4.1 of this Agreement or unless extended by mutual agreement of the Parties, terminate on the date that is the last day of the Warranty Period for the last Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation.
Subject to all other terms and conditions set forth herein, as of the date of this agreement, LEADER maintain the software for an additional five years.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of year as of the Effective Date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated, shall continue in full force and effect for a period of [***] years thereafter.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect for an initial term of **** from the Supply Commencement Date of the Product ("Initial Term").
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Facility Addendum, this Agreement (a) shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of four (4) years from such date (the "Initial Term" of this Agreement), unless sooner terminated pursuant to Section 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 or 7.7, and (b) may be extended for up to three (3) additional periods of twelve (12) months (each, an "Extension Period") by written notice given by Customer to Manufacturer not less than twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Extension Period, as the case may be.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the 60th day following a written notice from one party to the other of its decision to terminate this Agreement at the end of such 60-day period or upon termination of the applicable Distribution Agreement with respect to a Fund.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on the date hereof (the "Commencement Date"), and will continue until the earlier of (i) December 31, 2022, (ii) the termination or expiration of the Studio Lease (defined below), (iii) election to terminate and notice thereof given by Programmer to Licensee, and (iv) mutual written consent of Licensee and Programmer (the "Term"), unless extended or earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11 hereof.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a period of five (5) years from the Reseller's first purchase order for Product issued to Todos (the "Initial Term"), unless terminated earlier by one of the parties in accordance with the terms of this Section 11.
The term of this JSMA shall commence on May 1, 2020 (the "Commencement Date") and ends at April 30, 2029 (the "Term"), with automatic renewals each for a period of five (5) years (a "Renewal Term") unless notice is given pursuant to 5.2.
Unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of Section ​12, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until July 31, 2019 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid until the [* * *] (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue to be in full force and effect for so long as Photronics and DNP, or any of their Affiliates, each remains a Shareholder of the Company.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect through December 31, 2021 and any Renewal Term (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier as set forth herein.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 12, shall extend until the four (4) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on September 10, 2015 and shall continue for One (1) Year (the "Term").
This Agreement becomes effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 11, shall continue until the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect for an initial period of 1 year ("Initial Term").
This term of this Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereto shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in perpetuity (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions contained herein.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of twelve (12) full calendar months ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term"), unless mutually extended by written agreement of the Parties or unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall commence effective as of the date hereof and shall expire on December 31, 2028.
This Agreement shall continue until January 18, 2022, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods ending on January 18th of each year, provided such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (a) the Fund's Board of Trustees and (b) a vote of a majority (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund's Trustees who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of the Plan, in this Agreement, or any agreement related to the Plan (the "Qualified Trustees"), by vote cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting on such approval.
With respect to each of the Services, the term thereof will be for a period commencing as of the date hereof, unless a different date is specified as the commencement date for any applicable Service on Exhibit A or Exhibit B (either, a "Commencement Date"), and shall continue until 12 months following the Commencement Date unless (i) such other date as is specified as the termination date for any applicable Service in this Agreement or on Exhibit A or Exhibit B, as applicable (the "Term") or (ii) earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement (a "Termination Date").
Cellco's appointment as custodian is effective as of the Initial Cutoff Date and will continue until the later of (i) the date on which all obligations of the Issuer have been paid in full and (ii) the date on which such appointment is terminated under this Section 3.10(f).
This Agreement will terminate on the earlier to occur of (a) the date upon which the last remaining Receivable is paid in full, settled, sold or written off and any amounts received are applied and (b) the Issuer is terminated under Section 8.1 of the Trust Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence as of April 1, 2018 (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon the later of: (a) the conclusion of the 2022/23 NFL season and (b) the last day in February, 2023 (such expiration date, the "Scheduled Expiration Date"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be valid for five (5) years from February 1, 2019 through January 31, 2024 unless this Agreement is terminated earlier pursuant to Section 14 (the "Term").
The term of this agreement will begin on April 1, 2018 and continue until April 30, 2018 at 11:59pm.
This agreement is for a term of ten (10) years.
This Agreement shall commence on March 15, 2018 and will expire on March 14, 2020 unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 13 of the Agreement (the "Term")
The Contract is valid for 5 years, beginning from and ended on .
The "Term" of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will end on the earlier of: (a) the first anniversary of the expiration date of the last Purchase Schedule (as defined in this next Section); (b) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party any time after the expiration of the last Purchase Schedule; or (c) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party as provided in Subsection 11(d) of this Agreement.
Termination Date: December 31, 2023
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the time periods set forth in Schedules 1 and 2 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and continues in perpetuity, unless termination occurs pursuant to Sections 4.2 through 4.4.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
The license granted to the Licensee under this Agreement shall continue perpetually
This Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
TERM: November 01, 2014 to October 31, 2017
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
Period of transportation services: this Agreement is valid for an indefinite term.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and unless earlier terminated as provided elsewhere in this Agreement, will end automatically upon the end of Year 3.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for one (1) year following the Launch Date, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
The Term shall commence on the date of this Agreement and, unless earlier terminated or extended as provided below, shall end as of December 31, 2000.
The term of this Agreement shall be for a period of two (2) years (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall end fifteen months therefrom.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon delivery of [**] to ebix, but in no way shall this Agreement extend any later than thirty (30) months from the Effective Date regardless of the number Filled Application Forms delivered to ebix. About will make commercially reasonable efforts to achieve that number in twelve (12) months or less from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end three (3) years from the date the Co-Branded Application becomes accessible to Excite@Home Members ("Launch Date").
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the date above, and shall continue for a term of one (1) year
Term shall mean the Effective Date through June 15, 2001 and any Renewal Term (as defined in paragraph 7.4 herein.)
INITIAL TERM shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the second anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11.
Initial Term shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the fourth anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8
This Agreement shall be effective upon the ------------------- Effective Date and shall remain in force for a period of one (1) year, and shall be automatically renewed for successive periods of one (1) year unless otherwise terminated as provided herein.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in force for three years from the Launch Date (the "Initial Term") unless earlier
"Launch Date" means the first date on which the Service is made publicly available.<omitted>This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date and will continue in effect for 2 years following the Launch Date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall ----------------------- commence on the Effective Date and end on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the date that the Affiliate Registration Form is approved by Chase and will end when terminated by either party.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of five (5) years from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term") after which this Agreement may be extended on mutual agreement of the parties (a "Renewal Term," and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
This Agreement will remain in force for perpetuity or until and unless otherwise mutually agreed or amended in writing by both parties.
The term of this Agreement will begin upon acceptance of Affiliate's Program application and will end when terminated by either party of this Agreement.
This Agreement is entered into for an unlimited period of time.
This Agreement shall be for the term of one year; thereafter, the Agreement shall renew automatically under these same terms and agreements unless superceded by future agreements.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until either Party informs the other Party with thirty (30) day prior written notice of termination of this Agreement.
The "Initial Term" shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire on March 31, 2011.
The term ("Term") of this Agreement shall be for one hundred eighty days (180) from the date set forth below unless Network 1 or Visa or MasterCard or Harris Bank doesn't approve Affiliate's ISO application, in which case, the Term will be 3 years.
Unless sooner terminated under the provisions hereof, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of one (1) year ("Term"). provided however, that the Parties may extend the Term for an additional year period by entering into an written addendum of the Agreement extending such term.
"CONTRACT PERIOD" means that period of time commencing upon the full execution of this Agreement by both Parties and terminating on May 31, 2016 unless sooner terminated under this Agreement.
All terms of this Agreement will automatically commence on November 1st, 2017, and expire on November 2nd, 2020.
"Term" means: 1.5t January 2013 to 315t December 2013 or until terminated under the provisions of this Agreement or the Primary Agreement.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time from February 21, 2011 through December 31, 2012.
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and ending on February 19, 2013 ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for two years from the date hereof, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (A) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund and (B) the vote of a majority of the Fund's directors who are not parties to this Agreement or "interested persons" (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Fund Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the Investment Fund Act.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this ARTICLE 13, shall remain in effect on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the expiration of the Royalty Term applicable to such Product and country (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect until the expiration of the Sublicense Agreement, unless earlier termination by pursuant to the terms of this Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4 of this Agreement, will continue until the expiration of the Warranty Period as defined in subsection 9(a) of this Agreement.
Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, the Parties' respective rights and obligations under this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force for ten (10) years after the First Commercial Sale of the first Licensed Product, and shall thereafter automatically renew for an unlimited period of time unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Section 15.2.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein, unless earlier terminated by either party, this Agreement shall expire on ______, 20___, and all rights of Developer herein shall cease and all unapplied or unused Development Fees paid pursuant to Section 3 hereof shall be forfeited to Franchisor.
Unless terminated pursuant to Section 10 or 11 below, it shall expire upon the earlier of the date specified in Exhibit "B" or upon the opening of the last El Pollo Loco® Restaurant listed in the Development Schedule.
Dr. Murray's obligations set out herein shall be performed from the Effective Date until December 31, 2018 (the initial "Services Term").
Except as otherwise stated herein as pertaining only to a Services Term, this Agreement shall remain in effect for ten years, unless terminated in accordance with Sections 6.1 (a) or 6.2(b).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance herewith, shall continue in force and effect until (a) the date of expiration of the last Royalty Term for the last Licensed Product, or (b) the expiration of the License Option Period and the failure of AbbVie to exercise the License Option (such period, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") will begin on the date this Agreement is signed by the last signatory ("Effective Date") and remain in effect for [***]; provided, however, that the terms of this Agreement shall remain applicable to any SOW that was executed by the Parties prior to the expiration or termination of this Agreement but whose period of performance extends beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue thereafter for a period of twelve (12) months (the "Initial Term").
The Term shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of five (5) years.
The term "Term" shall mean an initial term of five years, automatically renewable thereafter for successive 5-year terms unless either party provides prior written notice of termination not less than 90 days prior to the end of such five-year term; provided, however, T&B shall have the right to terminate the license after the first year of the Term if LEA does not conduct the Business so as to meet the Cash Sales benchmarks set by the parties for years two through five of the Term, as set forth in Section 3.3, below.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless the Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will come into effect on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force for ten (10) years from the Launch (the "Initial Term"), or the date of expiry of the last valid patent of the Licensed Product, whichever comes later, subject to clauses 19.2, 19.3, 19.4 and 19.5 hereunder
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will commence on the Effective Date and will expire upon the earliest of (i) termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 14.2, or (ii) the date of payment of the last Approval Payment due based on all applicable Regulatory Approvals which have been received.
The term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article XII, shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration of Sanofi's payment obligations under Article IX or the Profit/Loss Share Agreement, whichever is later (the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 14 hereof (the "Term").
This Agreement commences on the date it is executed and shall continue until full performance by both parties, or until earlier terminated by one party under the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will be for the maximum period of six (6) months beginning for the commencement date, renewable in accordance with the terms hereof, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.
This Agreement will be in effect for three (3) years from the Effective Date ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Unless otherwise stated in the Appendix the term of this letter Agreement shall continue for twenty-four (24) months with the effective date unless terminated sooner or extended pursuant to the terms hereof ("Initial Term")
Contract end: 04-01-08
The initial term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and end twelve (12) months after the Launch (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b).
This Agreement and the provisions hereof, except as otherwise provided, shall be in full force and effect commencing on the date of execution by both Parties and shall extend for an initial term of two (2) years.
This Agreement will become effective as of the last date of signature (Effective Date) and shall, unless sooner terminated as provided below or as otherwise agreed, remain effective for an initial term of 10 Years following the first date of public availability of the PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Content within a THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION Property (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the date on which it is signed and affixed with the corporate seals by the authorized representative of each Party and have a term of five (5) years commencing as of the effective date hereof.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, except as set forth in Subsection (ii), continue in full force and effect through the Delivery Period.
This agreement will be in effect until the end of 2006 and will be evaluated at that time.
This Agreement shall take effect from the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect for twenty (20) years thereafter, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Clause 8.
Expiration Date: August 31, 2006
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on the Expiration Date set forth above (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 3(b).
The Term of the Agreement is hereby extended to January 20, 2012 unless sooner terminated as provided for in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be in effect until March 18. 2021, unless sooner terminated by either party upon (30) days written notice, without cause.
This contract shall remain in effect initially for the five (5) year term ("Initial Term") from the date signed and shall be automatically extended for one (1) year periods after the Initial Term ("Renewal Term") unless (i) either party provides written notice of its intention not to renew the Agreement within 180 days prior to any Renewal Term; or (ii) this Agreement is otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms of this Section 12.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate in _____________, on _____________, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement may be renewed for successive one (1) year periods if STAAR and Distributor expressly agree in writing and in their sole discretion to renew this Agreement prior to the foregoing termination date or any successive renewal term.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until September 1, 2045, unless earlier terminated by either Party pursuant to this Article 12 (the "Term").
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, all rights and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect for a period of eighteen (18) months after the initial theatrical release of that Property.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, including Robots, Kingdom of Heaven, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, In Her Shoes, Idiocracy (Oww My Balls) and Ice Age II, all right and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect until March 31, 2008."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Term") is the Effective Date through March 15, 2022.
This Agreement expires ten (10) years from the Agreement Date (the "Term"), unless it is terminated sooner as provided in other sections of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided under this Agreement, shall terminate five (5) years following the date of launch of the first Website, but in no event later than February 28, 2013 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue thereafter for a period of two (2) years, unless extended by written agreement of both parties or sooner terminated as set forth below.
This Agreement and the license granted herein shall remain effective until terminated.
Unless otherwise provided herein, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue through the completion or termination of Developer's services and work product as mutually agreed upon between the Parties (the Project).
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Commencement Date and will continue through December 31, 2022 or until this Agreement is otherwise terminated in accordance with its provisions ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate automatically without notice on December 31, 2022, unless the Parties agree in writing to extend the term of the Agreement (the initial term and any renewal terms are referred to collectively herein as the "Term").
This Second Amendment shall be effective from The Second Amendment Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2021.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue for a period of three (3) years therefrom (the "Term").
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue until termination as provided below.
This Agreement is for a term (the "Term") of 12 months from the Effective Date on June 1s t 2020 and expiring May 31st 2021.
This Agreement shall be in full force and effect commencing on January 2, 2020 and shall remain in effect for one (1) year or until Consultant completes the services requested
The term of this Agreement shall commence on January 10th, 2019 and shall expire on the day that is twenty-four (24) months from that date (the "Term of Engagement") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Term: twelve (12) months from the date of the Agreement which term shall automatically renew for an additional twelve (12) months on such date if the Agreement is not otherwise terminated according to Section 8 of the Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be the sooner of six (6) months from the Effective Date, or replacement of this Agreement with a subsequent agreement between the Parties.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the four-year anniversary of the Effective Date (such period, as it may be extended, either by the mutual written agreement of the parties or automatically, or earlier terminated being referred to as the "Consultation Period"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4, and shall automatically renew for successive one-year periods, unless the Company provides 90 days' notice of termination before any such successive period.
The term of this Agreement is for a period of five (5) years (the "Term") commencing on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the termination provisions of this Agreement, ending on January 31, 2025.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall expire twenty (20) years from the effective date of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
The term of this Agreement for the Hosted Site shall commence upon April 1, 1999 and shall continue for a period of six (6) months, unless earlier terminated in accordance with provisions hereof.
This Agreement shall continue in effect from the Effective Date for a one (1) year period, unless earlier terminated as set forth below, and thereafter shall renew automatically for successive one (1) year periods unless either party gives the other party at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of its intent not to renew the Agreement.
The effective term is 12 months beginning March 1, 2005 and ending February 28, 2006.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a period of 12 months thereafter (the "Period") in full force and effect until it is terminated in accordance with this Section 3.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated under this Article, shall continue in effect until the Conversion Date (the "Term"); provided that, with respect to any LMG Tools identified in Exhibit A as having a license term beyond the Conversion Date, TAG's License to, and LMG's obligation to provide LMG Services for, such LMG Tools shall survive for the period specified in Exhibit A.
The term of this Agreement is for ten (10) years commencing on the date of this Agreement, unless terminated as provided by this Agreement.
The obligations of the Agent pursuant to this Agreement shall terminate upon termination of the Offering, but in no event later than 45 days after the completion of the Subscription Offering (the "End Date").
The initial term of this Agreement is one (1) year from the date of delivery of the Product to Licensee unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
1 April 2009
The maintenance is for a period of one (1) year commencing upon expiration of the initial one (1) year term of the License/Services Schedule.
XIMAGE's obligations hereunder shall become effective upon the "Effective Date" and, unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall remain in full force and effect for at least one year thereafter.
This Agreement be deemed effective as of the Effective Date, Agreement and shall terminate on December 31, 2020, unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 3.2.
This Agreement shall continue in force until the earlier to occur of (i) the Owner no longer owns any Receivables or Participation Interests, and (ii) subject to Section 7(d), the delivery of written notice of termination by the Owner to the Servicer pursuant to Section 7(c), in each case upon which event this Agreement shall automatically terminate unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Servicer and the Owner.
Agent's appointment hereunder shall commence on the next business day after the later of (i) the date hereof, or (ii) the date Agent has confirmed that Client's records have been converted to Agent's system (the "Effective Date"), and shall continue for three years thereafter (the "Initial Term").
In relation to each Fund, this Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (a) the expiration of the term of such Fund or (b) the date, if any, on which Oaktree US (or any affiliate it has substituted in its stead in accordance with such Fund's Fund Agreement) is removed as general partner of such Fund or (c) the Sub-Advisor ceasing to be authorised and regulated by the FCA.
This Agreement shall take effect on the date of signature of the Agreement by both parties and shall terminate when all obligations required of both parties hereunder are performed unless either terminated earlier or extended by the parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement subject to clause 4.0.
At any time that there is no uncompleted Statement of Work outstanding, either party may terminate this Agreement for any or no reason upon fifteen (15) days advance notice to the other.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof and shall continue until terminated by either party pursuant to Paragraph 6 hereof.
The term of this Services Agreement shall begin on the date of execution and shall continue in effect for a period of two years.
Subject to the provisions for termination hereinafter provided, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a minimum period of 12 months (the "Minimum Period") and thereafter upon the mutual agreement of the Company and Maimon (the "Service Term").
This Agreement shall terminate (a) at the option of any party, upon 90 days' advance written notice to the other parties hereto; or (b) in the event of a material breach that has not been cured within ten days following a written notice of breach to the breaching party.
This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by the Parties.
The Appointment may be terminated by either party giving the other at least 12 months' notice in writing.
Your employment shall commence on 26 September 2019 and shall continue unless and until either party gives notice to the other in accordance with paragraph 11 below.
This Agreement shall terminate immediately and automatically upon the termination of Company's Participation Agreement(s) with the Funds, and in such event no notice need be given hereunder.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
"Service Period" means April. 1st 2019 through to March 30, 2020<omitted>The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
Subject to earlier termination as provided below, this Service Agreement is for the total duration of the Company's Offering (the "Initial Term") unless either party requests termination at least 30 days prior to the end of the then-current term.
The Executive's employment with the Company will commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue, subject to the remaining terms of this Agreement, until terminated by either party giving the other the following minimum advance written notice: 2.1.1 6 weeks' notice; 2.1.2 such other longer period as required by law.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the day and year first above written and shall govern the relations between the parties hereto thereafter, unless terminated as set forth in this Section 6.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year, commencing January 1, 2008 and ending on December 31, 2008.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate at the end of the Exclusivity Period (i.e., a three (3) year period commencing on the Effective Date).
Subject to the provisions of Section 14 hereof, the term of this Agreement and the sponsorship described herein shall commence on January 1, 2010 and extend through December 31, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be four (4) Processing Years commencing on the Effective Date of this Agreement and ending on June 30, 2010 unless
This Agreement shall automatically terminate at and as of (the first to occur of): (a) 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on the 30th day after the Effective Date (if Purchaser has not commenced the Offer, with the unanimous consent of the Sponsors, by then); (b) the expiration of the Offer (if the Offer is not consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), subject to any extension or subsequent offering period; and (c) the expiration of the Interim Period (if the Offer is consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), in any case, unless sooner terminated by unanimous written consent of the Participating Sponsors; provided, however, that any liability for failure to comply with this Agreement shall survive any such termination.
Unless otherwise terminated as specified in this Section 12, the ---- term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and will not end until the later of (a) twelve (12) months from the Launch Date; or (2) the date Intuit displays a total of 176,717,916 Impressions in accordance with the terms set forth herein ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the "Effective Date" and shall continue for ten (10) Contract Years, unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 6 of this Agreement or extended by renewal by written agreement of the Parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 13(o) of this Agreement (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided for herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence as of the date hereof and shall terminate at the end of the Season which is scheduled to end on October 12, 2002 (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and conclude on October 31, 2010, unless renewed by agreement or sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
If the Launch Date has not occurred by August 31, 1999, Sponsor shall, in its sole discretion, be entitled to terminate this Agreement without any liability and receive a full refund of all amounts paid by Sponsor to drkoop.com pursuant to this Agreement prior to the date of such termination.
The initial term (the "Initial Term"; and together with all extensions and renewals, the "Term") will begin on the date set forth above * * * (the "Launch Date") on which: (i) each of the Sponsor Areas of the drkoop.com Website are operational in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (other than the e-commerce tile placements); and (ii) the links to the<omitted>Sponsor Website or Vitamin Buzz contained in the Sponsor logos or the Sponsor banner advertisements are established in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, subject to earlier termination as set forth in this Agreement.
In the event that Excite has not delivered XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX clickthroughs to the Client Site by the end of twelve (12) months after the Launch Date, the first year of the term of the Agreement will be extended without additional sponsorship and advertising fees for up to an additional four (4) months.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not end until Excite displays of a total of XXXXXXXXXXXXX impressions of Client's advertising banners and promotional placements on the Excite Site and Excite has made reasonable commercial efforts to deliver, at minimum, a goal of XXXXXXXX clickthroughs to the Client Site.
Regardless of Excite's actual delivery of impressions and clickthroughs, the term of this Agreement will not be shorter than two (2) years after the display of the first of Client's advertising banners and promotional placements, subject to the termination rights set forth below.
The initial production period shall be for a period of two (2) months to commence on November 4, 1998 (the "Production Period"), and the remaining term of this Agreement shall be for a period of twenty four (24) months to commence on the tentative launch date of January 4, 1999, unless terminated earlier as provided herein (the "Promotion Period"), (The Production Period and the Promotion Period shall be collectively referred to as the "Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and, unless terminated as provided herein, shall continue through November 30, 1998.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on July 19, 1999 and shall ---- thereafter continue until all above described Sponsor benefits are completed, but in no event beyond the end of the 1999 season (the "Term").
If Hydron does not timely exercise its right to terminate this Agreement, then Hydron agrees that this Agreement shall continue for the entire four (4) year term unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end on the second (2nd) anniversary of the Commencement Date.
Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall take effect on December 1st, 2015 and shall expire on November 30, 2016.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the specific terms of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not end until Excite displays a total of [*****] impressions of the Client advertising banners and promotional placements on the Excite Network as described in this Agreement and pushes [*****] emails using the email vehicles specified in Exhibit B
The services described herein to be provided by Agency shall begin upon execution and delivery of the Outsourcing Agreement and shall continue until termination of Contractor's activities to administer the Notes thereunder.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the date first set forth above, and shall continue in full force and effect until terminated as provided below.
The initial term ("Initial Term") of this Agreement shall be for one year commencing on the 1st day of May, 2006 ("Effective Date").
This agreement shall commence on January 20, 2014 (the "Effective Date") and shall continue in effect for six (6) months (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of the contracted agreement is 5 years from the commencement date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and extend for three (3) years thereafter ("INITIAL TERM"), with an automatic renewal for an indefinite period of time ("EXTENDED TERM"), unless terminated by the parties according to Sections 16.2. or 16.3. herein.
The term of this Agreement will commence on January 1, 1998 (the "Effective Date") and will end on December 31, 1998.
"Term" shall mean the period commencing on the Effective Date and terminating on the eighth anniversary of the Commencement Date, unless the Agreement is extended in accordance with its provisions.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on November 30, 2014 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall be valid for an indefinite period.
This Attachment and its Product Attachments shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in Section 5.0 of the Base Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in Section 5.0.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms hereof, the term of this Agreement shall end on the seventh anniversary of the date hereof.
This Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement will be for two (2) year(s) commencing on the Effective Date.
This Agreement is effective as of August 1, 2004, (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate on July 31, 2009, (the "Termination Date") unless earlier terminated or extended as provided for herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date unless sooner terminated pursuant to the termination provisions herein.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of 1 year after the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated as set forth herein (the "TERM").
This Amendment shall enter into force on the date of its signature by both Parties and, unless otherwise agreed upon in writing by the Parties through a subsequent amendment to the GMA, shall remain in force for the term of the referenced GMA.
The Agreement shall end on the End Date without any further action, unless otherwise provided under this Agreement.
"End Date" means the date on which this Agreement is terminated or expires, and shall be the earlier to occur of the following, as appropriate: (i) the end of the Initial Term as defined in Clause 3.1of this Agreement; or, (ii) the end of the term of each annual renewal of this Agreement as per Clause 3.2 of this Agreement; or, (iii) the date on which all or part of this Agreement is terminated as per Clause 16 ("Termination");
The Agreement enters into force on the Signing Date; it will have a duration of [*****] as from the Start Date (the "Initial Term").
The first paid (Initial) Maintenance Term shall commence upon expiration of the Warranty Period and shall continue for twelve (12) months thereafter.
This Agreement shall apply and remain in effect from the Effective Date and perpetually thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the Section entitled "Termination."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the date that payment is due for Minimum Payment Period 7, pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof and as set forth in Attachment B hereof, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
This Agreement shall come into force on the Effective Date and shall remain in force and effect for a period of [Redacted - Commercially Sensitive - Term Details] , unless this Agreement is extended or previously terminated in accordance with this clause 12, pursuant to clause 15.1 (Force Majeure), or (ii) by the mutual written consent of the Parties (the "Term").
The Agreement shall have an initial term of ten (10) years commencing from the Effective Date and ending on the tenth (10th) anniversary thereof (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of Section 15.2 or Section 15.3.
The "Term" shall begin on the date hereof and shall expire December 31, 2023, subject to early termination pursuant to the terms of Section 19. Flotek, may, by written notice given to FCC on or before September 30, 2023, elect for the Term to be extended to December 31, 2024.
TERM OF EXECUTION From January 30, 2012 until July 29, 2012
Subject to the General Terms and Conditions of Transporter's FERC Gas Tariff and Rate Schedule FTS/ITS, this Agreement shall be effective as of the date of physical completion of and initial deliveries on Transporter's pipeline and shall continue for a primary term of ten years.
This Agreement shall be effective from the date first above written and shall continue indefinitely until terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
The Agreement shall continue through the project's in-service date and for a period of fifteen (15) years after the project's in-service date ("Initial Term").
"Initial Term" means the period commencing on the Effective Date and concluding on the last day of the month in which the fifth anniversary of the Offtake Agreement Effective Date falls.
"Offtake Agreement" means that certain Crude Oil Sale and Purchase Agreement between the Principal and STASCO dated 1 November 1999.
This contract shall be effective as of November 1, 2002, and shall remain in force and effect, unless modified as per Exhibit B, until October 31, 2012.
"Royalty Term" means, with respect to sales of a Product in the Territory, the time period beginning on the First Commercial Sale of such Product in the Territory and expiring on the latest of the following dates: (a) *** (b) *** (c) ***<omitted>Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall continue in effect until the expiration of the Royalty Term as defined in Section 1.87 ("Term"), and thereafter Green Cross has no remaining payment obligations with respect to the Products pursuant to Section 8.5 above and MacroGenics shall have no further obligations hereunder.
The term of the agreement is 20 years, during which if any main equipment of any Party stops operation due to technical problem or at the end of its life cycle, the agreement shall be automatically terminated.
This Agreement shall come into force as of January 1, 2013 and remain valid for 1 year.
As of the effective date hereof, the original cooperation of mobile game business executed between the Parties shall terminate automatically.
Party A and Party B agree and confirm that the term of cooperation under this Agreement shall commence from the execution date hereof and end on the expiration date of the operation term of Party B ("Term of Cooperation").
Unless this Agreement is early terminated in accordance with this Agreement or other agreements signed by the Parties hereof, the term of the validity of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date.
"Intended End of Term" means the later of (a) the seventh (7th) anniversary of the Effective Date and (b) the date determined to be the "Intended End of Term" under Section 7.2.2(d) (Effects of Tolling).<omitted>This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms, including by Ginkgo pursuant to Section 7.3 (Buy-Down Election) or extended by the mutual written agreement of the Parties, shall continue until the Intended End of Term (such time period, as may be extended pursuant to this Section 13.3.1 (Term - General), the "Term"); provided that, if,<omitted>at the expiration of the Intended End of Term, Ginkgo has paid the Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitment, but will not have paid to BLI the Full Purchase Target, then the Term of this Agreement shall automatically extend for an additional [***] ([***]) year period from the date of the expiration of the then-Intended End of Term so that, among other things, BLI may potentially receive the benefit of the Full Purchase Target and Ginkgo may receive the continuing benefit of royalty-free licenses.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial term of three (3) years from the Promotion Commencement Date, divided into three one-year periods.
Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall commence effective June 1, 1998, and shall continue for a term of three (3) years expiring May 31, 2001 (the "Term").
"Term" means the earlier of: (a) the end of the two year period from the Effective Date to 31 July 2013; or (b) the last day of the calendar month within which the Maximum Distribution Commitment is reached.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as set out in this Agreement, shall continue for the Term.
This promotion shall begin on June 1,1999 and shall terminate June 1, 2000 (herein "Term")
The Joint Venture shall commence on the 1st of March, 2003, and shall be effective until February 28, 2004 unless extended by written agreement of the Joint Venturers not less than thirty (30) days prior to scheduled termination.
Except as otherwise provided herein, the term of this Agreement is three (3) years from the Execution Date ("Cooperation Period").
The term of this Agreement is twelve (12) months from the date hereof, and will be automatically renewed for one (1) additional twelve month period unless either party shall notify the other in writing of its intention not to renew.
This Agreement is effective as of the date hereof and shall remain in full force and effect for the period (the "Covered Period") commencing on the date hereof and ending on the date that is the earliest of: (i) the Company's failure to appoint the ValueAct Designee to the Board following the ValueAct Group's written request to the Company to have the ValueAct Designee appointed to the Board pursuant to Section 1(a) of this Agreement; (ii) the failure of the Company to comply in good faith with Section 1(e) of this Agreement; or (iii) the date which is the 60t h day prior to the Company's 2016 annual meeting of stockholders.
This Agreement shall take effect as of the Effective Date and shall expire upon completion of the Project as set forth in the Project Plan and after payment of all payments due and payable according to this Agreement, unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
"Expiration Date" means March 31, 2020.
The Joint Venture is a fixed term Joint Venture beginning November 27, 2018 and ending November 30th, 2019 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on February 1, 1998 and end on the first anniversary of the date of this Agreement; provided that (a) either party may terminate this Agreement, effective at any time after the first three months of the Term, by giving 30 days' written notice of termination to the other party, and (b) either party may terminate this Agreement at any time by giving written notice of termination to the other party, if the other party commits a material breach of its obligations hereunder that is not cured within 30 days after notice thereof from the non-breaching party.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue, unless terminated sooner in accordance with this Article VIII, until June 27, 2011 (the "Term").
This Agreement shall continue until terminated as provided herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated under the terms of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the Services to be provided with respect to any Account which is registered as an investment company under the 1940 Act (herein referred to as a "registered investment company") are services referred to in the definition of "investment advisor" under Section 202(a)(11) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (herein referred to as "investment advisory services"), then with respect to such Account, this Agreement: (i) shall not commence until the effective date of its approval by the board of directors or trustees ("Board") of such Account; (ii) shall continue from year to year thereafter, subject to the provisions for termination and all other terms and conditions hereof, only if such continuation shall be specifically approved at least annually by a majority of the Board, including a majority of the members of the Board who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons of any such party (other than as members of the Board) cast in person at a meeting called for that purpose; (iii) may be terminated at any time without the payment of any penalty by the Board or by a vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities (as defined in Section 2(a)(42) of the 1940 Act) of the Account on 60 days' written notice to the Adviser; (iv) shall automatically terminate in the event of (A) its assignment (as defined in the 1940 Act) or (B) termination of the Advisory Agreement for any reason whatsoever.
Subject to the remaining provisions of this Section, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the effective date first above written and shall continue until terminated by mutual agreement of the parties hereto or by either party on not less than 60 days' written notice to the other party hereto.
This Limited Power of Attorney shall be revoked and terminated automatically upon the cancellation or termination of the Services Agreement or as to any Fund upon the cancellation or termination of the Adviser's Investment Advisory Contract for such Fund.
Unless otherwise mutually agreed to by the Parties, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end upon expiration of the Term, unless terminated early as contemplated hereunder.
"Term" means, on a Country-by-Country and Collaboration Product-by-Collaboration Product basis, the period from the Effective Date until the later of (a) the expiration or termination of the last Valid Claim of a Patent Right covering the Pooled Compound in such Collaboration Product in such Country, and (b) fifteen (15) years from First Commercial Sale in such Country, unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with Article 14.
The term of the CDx Development Program shall be five (5) years.
The term for Database Insights under Section 3.1.8 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Database Insights Term").
The term "Agreement Term" shall mean the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is terminated sooner as provided in Article 17, expiring on the date when all work has been completed or terminated under all R&D Plans.
The initial term of the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program will be five (5) years beginning on the Effective Date.
The term for Sample Profiling set forth in Section 3.1.4 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Profiling Term").
This Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue for the Agreement Term.
The initial term of the ctDNA Platform Development Program will be twelve (12) months.
The initial term of this Agreement shall, unless sooner terminated by consent of all parties, expires in five (5) years from the date of Effective Date.
The Contract Term shall extend for a period of fifty (50) years.
This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date, and will continue until the expiration of the "Sales Term" as that term is defined in the Sales Dealer Agreement dated as of August 16, 2017 between Vivint and Vivint Solar Developer, LLC (the "Term")."
The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years, subject to the prior termination rights provided below.
Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, this Agreement continues in effect for an initial term of seven (7) years ("Initial Term") and will automatically renew for one or more annual periods after the Initial Term (each a "Renewal Term") unless either party gives notice of non-renewal at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the beginning of any Renewal Term.
The duration of this Venture (the "Term") will begin on March 1, 2020 and continue in full force and effect until February 28, 2025 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
This Amendment shall only become effective upon the VNBJ Closing with respect to Article 1.1 and the VNBZ Closing with respect to Article 1.2, and shall terminate without any force or effect in the event that the VNBJ SPA and the VNBZ SPA are terminated in accordance with the terms thereof.
This JV Agreement shall become effective on the signing date and shall have a duration of * years, extendable for a further * years, unless notice of non- renewal is sent one year before the natural expiry date.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of execution and shall continue in force and effect for an indefinite term thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the provisions of Article 16 or by all the Parties in writing.
This agreement shall terminate: a. Automatically if any public authority cancels or declines to renew the Agency's license or Certificate of Authority. b. Immediately if either party gives detailed written notice to the other of alleged gross and willful misconduct, fraud or material misrepresentation.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date hereof and shall terminate upon the termination of the Offering.
This Agreement will become effective as of the date first written above and will continue in effect thereafter until terminated pursuant to Paragraph 4.2 below.
This Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years commencing upon the Effective Date hereof unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement (the "Initial Term").
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the later to occur of the date that is (x) three (3) years from the date hereof and (y) the date on which an affiliate of Freedom Mortgage is not acting as the external manager of Cherry Hill.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years following the Effective Date or until the Studies are completed, whichever is later, unless extended or unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof.
Term: This Study Order will continue until the Study is completed, which is expected to be ________ (__) months after the Effective Date, or until terminated early as provided in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the date first set forth above and, shall expire on the later of (i) five (5) years from the date hereof, or (ii) with respect to any projects identified in any contract for which VET TECH is billing the client directly, upon the completion of COOL TECH's Services and receipt of payment by COOL TECH from VET TECH for said services.
Unless terminated sooner, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years thereafter (the "Initial Term") and shall automatically renew for additional one (1) year terms on the terms and conditions set forth herein (each a "Renewal Term" and collectively, the "Term") unless either party gives the other Party Notice of its intention to terminate this Agreement ninety (90) days before the end of the Initial Term or Renewal Term, if any.
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this ---- Agreement shall terminate on the later of (i) the third anniversary of the Effective Date or (ii) the date on which ETI ceases to be a Subsidiary of NTL.
THIS STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), made effective this 17t h day of February 2016, through February 16, 2019 (the "Initial Term") i
Either party may terminate this agreement after 3 years following the effective date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall remain in effect for a period of 5 years ("Initial Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years from the date of execution and may be extended subject to satisfactory agreement on ongoing commercial terms, to be agreed two (2) months prior to the expiration of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until the later of (a) the fourth (4th) anniversary of the Effective Date, or (b) the completion or termination of the Research and receipt by LBIO of all deliverables due from MD Anderson hereunder, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.2 or Section 9.14.
This Agreement is effective on the Effective Date and shah continue in effect until the earlier of (a) the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date, and (b) termination by either Party for any reason upon thirty (30) days' written notice to the other Party; provided, however, that no Party shall be able to terminate this Agreement so long as such Party is a Defaulting Party under this Agreement.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until it is terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 15 of this Agreement ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and will continue in effect until five (5) year(s) from such date (the "Initial Term") unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 25.
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Initial Term") will be ten (10) years from the Effective Date, provided that at any time following the 7th anniversary of such date, either party may terminate such strategic alliance upon not less than 60 days' prior written notice to the other party.
The rights and obligations of the Farids Group set forth in this Article VI (other than those set forth in Sections 6.8 and 6.9) shall terminate on the date that the Farids Group owns less than 3% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock, but in no event earlier than the Expiration Date (as defined in the Warrant).
The term of this Agreement is twenty-four (24) months.
This Agreement shall be for an initial term of five (5) years, and unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall automatically renew for an additional term of five (5) years thereafter.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for a term of ten (10) years, unless previously terminated in accordance with Clause 15 (Termination).
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of two (2) years ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 11 of this Agreement.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 4.2 or 4.3, this Agreement will be in effect from the Effective Date until completion of the Research Program.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of three (3) years after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement is effective on the day of May 1, 2013 and the effective term is the same as the Cooperation Ter
The Cooperation Term of the parties shall be two years from May 1, 2013 to April 30, 2015.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, (i) that this Section 8 shall survive any such termination and (ii) no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, shall continue in full force and effect until terminated pursuant to this Article 18.
This Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of: (i) the conclusion of the Standstill Period or (ii) delivery of written notice by one Party to the other Party of a material breach of this Agreement by the breaching Party that is uncured after ten (10) calendar days of notice of such breach.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement will be effective as of the date of its execution, and term of the Cooperation will be four years from the date on which the channel is uploaded.<omitted>The channel is expected to be uploaded on August 1, 201
Unless otherwise mutual agreed between the Parties, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the earlier of the below events occur: (a) The fifth (5t h) anniversary of this Agreement; and (b) Otkritie ceasing to own more than 2,237,216 class B shares or American depositary shares of QIWI.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period in accordance with Section 4, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
Subject to the other provisions contained herein, this AGREEMENT shall be for a term of thirty (30) years from the Effective Date, which shall automatically renew from year-to-year thereafter unless terminated by a Party upon sixty (60) days' written notice after the end of the term.
The term of this Agreement shall be fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the following provisions of this Article:
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this IP Agreement shall extend until the last date of expiration of the SRAM Intellectual Property rights licensed under this IP Agreement.
The term of this Agreement is five (5) years unless the early termination in accordance with this Agreement.
The provisions of this Agreement, including the license rights provided in this Article III, shall not be terminable or revocable for any reason.
The term of this IP Agreement shall be from the Effective Date until all of the Intellectual Property licensed hereunder is in the public domain (provided, however, that in such event the representations and warranties in Article III shall survive (and terminate) in accordance with the Acquisition Agreement) or this IP Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 4.3.
This Agreement shall remain in effect for sixty (60) months from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
Unless otherwise agreed in writing by Accuray and Distributor and subject to the termination rights contained in this Agreement, this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until the termination of the Strategic Alliance Agreement; provided, however, that if a Termination Election relating to this Agreement is made pursuant to Section 10.3 of the Strategic Alliance Agreement prior to such termination, this Agreement shall terminate 36 months after such Termination Election (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement shall terminate on May 31, 2015, unless sooner terminated.
As provided for in this Section 1, the term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years, beginning on the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"); provided, however, the Initial Term shall be subject to automatic successive renewal terms of three (3) years each (the "Renewal Terms" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
The terms of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date and will be automatically renewed on each anniversary of the effective date, for a renewal term of one year unless either party provides written notification of its intention not to renew this Agreement at least one month prior to the expiration of the initial or any renewal terms.
Distributor's appointment is for a term of one year from the Effective Date, renewable automatically unless terminated under Section 18
The Term will commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and will remain in effect, unless sooner terminated under paragraphs 5.2, 5.3, or 5.4, until the termination date specified in Exhibit A.
September 30, 1997
This Agreement shall have an initial term of one (1) year from the date first above written (the "Initial Term"), and shall thereafter automatically renew for successive two (2) year periods (each a "Renewal Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement shall be two (2) years from the Effective Date with automatic annual renewals thereafter provided either party does not provide sixty (60) days notice of termination prior to the renewal date or the Agreement is not otherwise terminated as set forth in Section 8.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) calendar years from the Agreement date.
The term of this Agreement shall be ten (10) years (the "Term") which shall commence on the date upon which the Company delivers to Distributor the last Sample, as defined hereinafter.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date first above written and shall terminate on 31 December 2006, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years from the date first set forth above and shall thereafter automatically renew for additional two (2) year terms unless a party provides the other party with notice of non-renewal no less than 6 months prior to the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term unless earlier terminated as follows
April 15, 2000 through October 15, 2000 (6 Months from the Effective Date)
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) years from the Effective Date and shall thereafter be automatically renewed for subsequent one (1) year periods unless either party notifies the other in writing of its election not to renew the Agreement at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the expiration of the then-current term.
Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until terminated by either Party upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice.
This contract shall be for a term of one year commencing on the date first above written; thereafter, it shall automatically continue until terminated by either party upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for 3 years (the "Initial Term") commencing on the date first set forth above (the "Commencement Date") and ending on the 3rd anniversary of the Commencement Date.
The Term of this Agreement shall be for a period of [* ****] years and [*****] months commencing the 1st day of September 2004 and terminating the [*****] day of [*****].
The term of the license hereby granted shall commence August 1, 1995 and continue until January 30, 2000, unless sooner terminated in the manner provided in the immediately succeeding sentence or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
Unless otherwise provided for in this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall be three years, commencing on the date of this Agreement and expiring on the third anniversary date of this Agreement (the "Termination Date").
The COMPANY agrees to a one year engagement to contract the CELEBRITY to speak at the company meetings and seminars along with endorsement of the Company products.
Notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement shall terminate upon the Trust's payment to the Company of the sum of the aggregate amount of the premiums paid under the Policy since inception (which amount includes the outstanding principal balance of the Demand Note).
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing on January 1, 2000 and concluding December 31, 2003, unless terminated sooner as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall extend from the date of execution hereof through and until _______, unless extended by written agreement of the parties.
The term of this Agreement shall commence January 1, 1996, and shall continue for a period of three (3) years, concluding December 31, 1998.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing as of May 31, 1999 and concluding May 31, 2000.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Article 13, shall continue in full force and effect, on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the Secondary Royalty Term with respect to such Product expires, at which time this Agreement shall expire in its entirety with respect to such Product in such country.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and unless terminated earlier by mutual written agreement of the Parties or pursuant to Section 9.2 (Termination At Will) or Section 9.3 (Termination for Cause) below, the term of this Agreement shall continue in effect until Achaogen ceases development and commercialization of Plazomicin ("Term").
Except as provided in Sections 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, and 6.5, this Agreement shall terminate one (1) year from the Rig Release Date, if such has not been terminated sooner pursuant to the provisions hereof.
The term of this Agreement shall be for 10 years commencing on the date of execution of this Agreement by AIRSOPURE.
The Term shall begin on the Effective Date and will end, without further notice, on the Expiration Date set forth in the Addendum, unless terminated earlier under the terms of this Agreement.<omitted>Expiration Date: at midnight on the last day of the month fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date
The term of this Agreement starts on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is earlier terminated in accordance with its provisions, will expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date.
You must operate the Franchise at a mutually agreeable site (the "Premises") to be identified after the signing of this Agreement, and to use the System and the Marks in the operation of that Franchise, for a term of 10 years (the "Initial Term")
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, this Agreement will expire on _______________________________________.
This Agreement shall be effective as of that date (the "Effective Date") the Site becomes fully operational as set forth in writing and executed by both Parties and shall continue for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date.
This Agreement will be effective beginning on 12:01 a.m., Eastern Time, on the day after the date of last signature to these Base Terms ("Effective Date") and ending on the expiration and/or termination of all Service Option Attachments, unless the Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and will terminate on the third anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreemen
This Agreement will take effect on the Effective Date and remain in effect for a period of 1 year; provided, that Sections 2 and 3 level shall terminate promptly upon (a) any action or omission by Client or any of its customers which constitutes a breach of or default by TrueLink under any System Agreement or Credit Repository Agreement, which breach or default has either not been cured or cannot be cured within the applicable cure period and the consequences of which is that TrueLink will lose material rights it had pursuant to said Agreements or (b) any violations or breach by Client of Sections 8a - 8c.
This agreement shall be for a term of five years from the date of this document.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.
"Term" means the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and continuing thereafter indefinitely until this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 10 below.
Subject to early termination of this Agreement pursuant to Sections 7.2, 7.3 or 7.4, this Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue until the expiration or earlier termination of the Development and License Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid for a period of five (5) years with automatic renewal of one year thereafter until terminated<omitted>by either party with one (1) year written notice prior to the expiration of the initial period or any extension period thereof.
Unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 12.2 below, the initial term of this Agreement shall expire on 31 December 2024 (the "Initial Term") unless the Parties mutually agree in writing any extension to the Initial Term.
This Agreement shall have a term of four (4) years from the effective date first set forth above, and shall automatically renew for additional one year terms unless earlier terminated by either party.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall extend for a period of Five (5) years thereafter ("Initial Term"), unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein or is extended by mutual written agreement of the Parties.
Unless terminated earlier as provided herein, this Agreement shall terminate on the date three (3) years from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement is three years from and including the date of this Agreement (the "Initial Term"), with automatic renewal for additional successive one-year terms (each a "Renewal Term" and together wit the Initial Term, the "Term") unless no later than [* * *] days prior to the end of the Initial Term, or any Renewal Term either party notifies the other that it wishes to terminate this Agreement effective the end of the Initial Term or that Renewal Term, as applicable.
Except as otherwise set forth in Sections 9.2 and 9.3 or Exhibit A hereof, the term of this Agreement shall be eighteen (18) months ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for a period of one year from the date of its execution and from year to year thereafter provided such continuance is specifically approved by a majority of the trustees of the Trust who (i) are not "interested persons" of the Trust or any other party to this Agreement, as defined in the 1940 Act, and (ii) have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of this Agreement ("Non- Interested Trustees").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3 of this Agreement, shall continue until the twentieth (20th) anniversary of the Effective Date; provided, however, (i) Operator shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Owner, if Operator provides a substitute operator acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, who (A) has experience operating similar assets, (B) has the ability to provide at least the same quality of service as Operator, (C) has the financial ability to perform the obligations hereunder, and (D) is ready, willing and able to execute an operation and maintenance agreement substantially similar to this Agreement and acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, and (ii) Owner shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Operator.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 8, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
To the extent not terminated previously by AIG pursuant to the foregoing, this Agreement will terminate automatically one year after the closing of any sale of the Company by AIG, and all provisions hereof will be of no further force and effect.
It shall be effective on 06 October 2000 and shall have a duration of two years.
Subject to termination pursuant to this Agreement, the Non Exclusive license granted by Licensor to Licensee shall be for an initial period of 36 months, commencing from the acceptance date, (the "Initial Period").
This Agreement and the license granted under this Agreement shall remain in effect perpetually as long as fees are paid by Sparkling in accordance with the Fee Schedule and the Agreement is not otherwise terminated in accordance with this Section.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for an initial period of five years until terminated in the manner described in Clause 16 below.
In addition, DCL may terminate this Agreement with effect from the 3rd, 4th or 5th anniversary of the Commencement Date by giving not less than six months notice in writing to SEV
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Services Commencement Date and remain effective for ten (10) years (the "Initial Term") unless terminated in accordance with its terms.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in operation for at least a period of twenty-five (25) years (hereinafter called "Initial Period") after the RFCS Date and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
This Agreement shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of: (i) the date on which the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement equal $5,000,000; (ii) the Release Date (as defined in Section 19) or (iii) payment in full, in cash, of all Obligations and the termination of the Financing Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement is less than $5,000,000 and any payment, or any part thereof, on account of any of the Obligations is invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Agent or the Lenders upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or reorganization of any Borrower or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for any Borrower, or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Article 9.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date and year first above written and shall continue in operation for at least an initial period of twenty-five (25) years following the RFS Date (hereinafter referred to as "initial Period") and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
Subject to the provisions of this AGREEMENT, and with effect from the date when the party signing last in time appends its signature to this agreement ("the effective date"), and enduring in perpetuity unless terminated as provided for elsewhere in this AGREEMENT, SAP AFRICA grants, and TELKOM accepts a non-exclusive, non-transferable licence to USE the SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION and other SAP AFRICA PROPRIETARY INFORMATION at the specified DESIGNATED SITE within the TERRITORY.
The licence granted hereunder shall become effective upon execution of this AGREEMENT by both parties and shall endure indefinitely unless terminated under clause 6. 2.
Upon expiration of that 12 months, MMMW affords the Customer the opportunity of a continuation of support on an annual basis as follows: The Initial Term of this Technical Infrastructure Maintenance Agreement is twelve months, commencing on the Effective Date.
This Agreement commences on the date first above written, and will remain in effect for the period of five (5) years, except as otherwise provided herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 7, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, shall continue for the duration of the Lease, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3.
The initial period of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue until March 31, 2003.
This OMA shall expire upon the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the Effective Date and (ii) the date that all Shares of Stock of the Seller Trusts as set forth on Schedule A hereto have been sold (the "Term").
The Term will be 3 years from Effective Date with an automatic 2 year term extensions unless otherwise advised by one of the Parties.
This Agreement between HEMISPHERX and SCIEN shall be in effect beginning the last date of execution set forth on the signature page to the Agreement (the "Effective Date") to which this Quality Agreement is Exhibit 2 and remain in effect until HEMISPHERX and SCIEN terminate the Agreement or it is superseded by a revised Quality Agreement executed by both parties.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue unless and until terminated as provided herein.
Subject to Article 22.2, this Agreement shall remain in force for an Initial Period of 1 year, which may be renewed by mutual consent for such period as the Parties may agree ("Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement or for any of the following reasons:
This Agreement begins on the Effective Date and shall continue indefinitely unless sooner terminated as provided in this Article 5.
This Agreement shall terminate as to the Remarketing Agent and its obligations hereunder with respect to VRRM-MFP Shares upon the earliest to occur of (a) the effective date of the resignation or removal of such Remarketing Agent pursuant to Section 5(a) and Section 5(b), respectively, (b) the completion of a successful Transition Remarketing on a New Mode Commencement Date in connection with transition to a new Mode, or (c) the date on which no VRRM-MFP Shares are Outstanding.
In addition, the<omitted>obligations of the Remarketing Agents may be terminated by them by notice given to the Company prior to 12:00 noon, New York City time on the Remarketing Settlement Date if, prior to that time, any of the applicable conditions precedent to the obligations of the Remarketing Agents described in Section 5 hereof shall have failed to occur.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to earlier termination in accordance with the provisions of Section 16, shall continue in force for a period being the longer of fifteen (15) years from first Commercial Launch of the Product in the Territory or until the expiration of the last valid claim in the PPI Patents covering the Product in any country of the Territory (the "Initial Term").
In addition, the obligations of the Remarketing Agent hereunder may be terminated by it by notice given to the Company prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date immediately preceding the Commencement Date if, prior to that time, any of the events described in Sections 6(i), (j) or (k) shall have occurred.
This Agreement shall terminate (i) the Business Day immediately following the Remarketing Settlement Date, (ii) at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the last date of the Remarketing if the Remarketing is not successful or (iii) on the effective date of the resignation or removal of the Remarketing Agent and the appointment of a new Remarketing Agent.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Agreement or extended by mutual agreement between the parties, shall continue in effect for thirty six (36) months following the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall be effective on the later of the dates that it is executed by Imprimis and Surgical (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate pursuant to the terms of the SOW (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided in this Agreement, the initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period beginning on the Effective Date and ending ten (10) years thereafter unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall be five years commencing on the Effective Date and ending at the close of business on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement shall commence with the first race ----- of the 1998 Winston Cup season and shall continue until the final race of the year-2000 Winston Cup season.
The term of this Agreement will begin on December 15, 1997 and will end the later of (i) December 15, 1999 or (ii) Excite's delivery of all of the guaranteed Click-throughs described in Section 1(f).
This Agreement shall terminate and, subject to the provisions set forth below, be of no further force or effect on the exercise by the Sponsor of its right to terminate this Agreement as provided in subsection 6.2, provided that, in any event, sections 3, 7 and 8 and, in the event that such termination occurs by virtue of paragraph 6.2(b), subsection 2.5 shall not terminate (except as set forth therein) and shall continue in full force and effect for the benefit of the Sponsor or the other parties to this Agreement, as the case may be.
The term (the "Term") shall commence on November 1, 2007 and end on October 31, 2008 (unless terminated earlier in accordance with the General Provisions).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force and effect until one (1) year subsequent to the Effective Date, provided however, that Tickets may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon thirty (30) days' notice to MP3. com at any time prior to the expiration of sixty (60) days subsequent to the Effective Date.
This term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and terminates on August 2nd, 2015 upon completion of event.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for six (6) months.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue in effect for a period of five (5) years (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions set out herein.
This Agreement shall continue in force for a term of twelve (12) months from the Effective Date, unless terminated earlier under the provisions of this Article 8 (the "Term"); PROVIDED that TouchStar shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time after the Effective Date upon not less than fifteen (15) days' prior written notice to Reseller.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for an Initial Term of five (5) years, and will automatically renew for additional periods of five (5) years unless one Party notifies the other of its intention not to renew, no less than 12 months prior to the expiration of the then-current term, unless terminated as permitted under this Agreement.
This Agreement comes into force as of the Effective Date and shall remain valid during the term of the LSA.
This Supply Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue for a period of [***] unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Supply Agreement.
Unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.2 below, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a FIVE (5) year period.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of its execution and shall remain in force for three years (the "Initial Term").
The term of this Supply Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date first set forth above and shall remain in effect until the later of (a) July 31, 2021 or (b) the date that the Parties enter into the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement and Sutro is supplying to SutroVax each Product under the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement (the "Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with Section 10.2.
The term of this Agreement will commence upon the Effective Date and will continue until the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated or extended under this Article 8 (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of the Services, unless terminated as set out herein, shall continue up to and including 28 February 2000 ("the Initial Term").
This Development Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and continue for four (4) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 10.2, or unless the parties extend the term by mutual written Development Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement will be in effect for one year from the Effective Date and will automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods unless terminated as provided below.
This Agreement shall be effective through and including March 31, 2004.
This Agreement shall be effective until the earlier of (a) its termination in accordance with the provisions of this Article 14 or (b) the date that is two (2) years after the date of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement will renew automatically for successive terms of one (1) year each unless a party to this Agreement delivers written notice of termination to the other party to this Agreement at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the original or any renewal term or the parties to this Agreement do not agree in writing to the Quota Amount referred to in subsection 14.2(b)(1) for any one (1) year renewal term at least sixty (60) days prior to the commencement of such term.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on January 1, 2000 and continue for an initial period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 7 hereof, and may be renewed under Section 8 hereof (the initial period plus any renewal period, the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This agreement shall begin upon the date of its execution by MA and acceptance in writing by Company and shall remain in effect until the end of the current calendar year and shall be automatically renewed for successive one (1) year periods unless otherwise terminated according to the cancellation or termination provisions contained in paragraph 18 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall terminate on June 30, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement commences as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to any express provision of this Agreement, shall continue until five (5) years following the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b) [Term and Termination].
The term of this Agreement shall be effective as of the date first stated above and shall continue for a term of three (3) years, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement (the "Term"); provided, however, that PrimeCall may elect to terminate this Agreement, upon thirty (30) days' written notice, at any time from and after the time that collectively RSL Communications, Ltd. and/or its Affiliates holds less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of DeltaThree's outstanding shares.
This Agreement will become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated pursuant to Sections 3.1<omitted>, shall remain effective for two (2) years from and after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This agreement shall commence as of date first above written, and shall Continue through December 31, 2004 ("the Term").
The Term shall commence on July 23, 2013 and shall expire on July 22, 2016, unless otherwise terminated earlier pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall have an Initial Term of three (3) years.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for a period of five years following the initial date of execution of the Memorandum, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 6.2 or Section 2.8 ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall begin as of the Effective Date and continue until Acceptance of all Deliverables for Milestones #1 and #2 pursuant to Section 3.4 and completion of Milestone #3, unless earlier terminated under Section 8.2, as provided for under the Other Agreements, or as mutually agreed by the Parties.
The term of this Agreement shall automatically become effective upon the occurrence of (i) ETON executing a commercial supply agreement with a contract manufacturing organization within forty-five (45) days of the Execution Date, provided that ETON has exercised best efforts to execute such agreement and the failure to execute is solely caused by the refusal or inability of the proposed manufacturing organization to sign a reasonable agreement; and (ii) acceptance for review of the Dossier or marketing application for [ * * * ] by the FDA no later than September 2, 2019 (such date, the "Effective Date") and shall end upon the termination or expiration of the Agreement as set forth in Section 11 (the "Term").
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Article, this Agreement will continue in full force beginning on the Effective Date and ending two (2) years thereafter ("Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the longer of the first anniversary of the Effective Date or the duration of the Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement (the "Term").
This agreement begins on the Commencement Date and, subject to clause 11.2, shall continue for an initial term of one (1) years (Initial Term) and indefinitely after that until terminated by either party giving at least twelve (12) months' prior written notice to expire on or after the expiry date of the initial term.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date first written above and shall continue in effect for a period of Three (3) years.
This Agreement shall become effective upon the date first written above and shall remain in full force and effect for a period of two years (2), unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions in this Agreement.
Unless terminated earlier as provided in this agreement, this Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms hereo
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and automatically renewing annually thereafter, unless either party provides a thirty-day notice of written termination one to the other ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of four (4) years, commencing on the Effective Date, which term may be extended for up to three (3) years by written agreement of both Parties prior to the expiration date of the initial term or any extension thereof (collectively, the "Term").
The term of the Franchise shall be twenty (20) years, commencing on January 1, 2016.
The term of this Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue until terminated as hereinafter provided (the "Term").
Terms of the project: 12 weeks from February 8, 2018 to May 3, 2018
This Agreement shall come into force on the Date of the Agreement, and shall, subject to article 18, remain in full force and effect for an initial period of *** from the Commercial Launch Date.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for one (I) year, unless earlier terminated as expressly provided in Sections 1.3. 10.1. or 10.2 of this Agreement (the *Initial Term")
This Agreement will remain in effect for Thirty-six (36)<omitted>months following the Hosting Service Ready Date ("Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Article XVI, this IP Agreement and the licenses granted herein will continue in effect from the Effective Date until the expiration of the last to expire of the Patents and any additional period of time thereafter that any of the Patents remain enforceable such as in the United States where a party can sue for infringement after a patent expires and seek damages for any infringement of the patent during the six years immediately preceding the filing of a suit for infringement.
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate on December 31, 2034 (such period, including as may be extended in accordance with the subsequent sentence, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article 11, shall expire on the last day of the Royalty Term.
This term of this Agreement shall commence on the EFFECTIVE DATE and shall continue, in each country, until the date of expiration of the last to expire patent within PATENT RIGHT(S) in that country.
The "Term" of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration or earlier termination of the last Addendum to expire or be terminated, at which time this Agreement will expire, unless this Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") (a) shall commence on the first day of the Warranty Period for the first Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation and (b) shall, unless terminated earlier under Section 4.1 of this Agreement or unless extended by mutual agreement of the Parties, terminate on the date that is the last day of the Warranty Period for the last Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation.
Subject to all other terms and conditions set forth herein, as of the date of this agreement, LEADER maintain the software for an additional five years.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of year as of the Effective Date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated, shall continue in full force and effect for a period of [***] years thereafter.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect for an initial term of **** from the Supply Commencement Date of the Product ("Initial Term").
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Facility Addendum, this Agreement (a) shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of four (4) years from such date (the "Initial Term" of this Agreement), unless sooner terminated pursuant to Section 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 or 7.7, and (b) may be extended for up to three (3) additional periods of twelve (12) months (each, an "Extension Period") by written notice given by Customer to Manufacturer not less than twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Extension Period, as the case may be.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the 60th day following a written notice from one party to the other of its decision to terminate this Agreement at the end of such 60-day period or upon termination of the applicable Distribution Agreement with respect to a Fund.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on the date hereof (the "Commencement Date"), and will continue until the earlier of (i) December 31, 2022, (ii) the termination or expiration of the Studio Lease (defined below), (iii) election to terminate and notice thereof given by Programmer to Licensee, and (iv) mutual written consent of Licensee and Programmer (the "Term"), unless extended or earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11 hereof.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a period of five (5) years from the Reseller's first purchase order for Product issued to Todos (the "Initial Term"), unless terminated earlier by one of the parties in accordance with the terms of this Section 11.
The term of this JSMA shall commence on May 1, 2020 (the "Commencement Date") and ends at April 30, 2029 (the "Term"), with automatic renewals each for a period of five (5) years (a "Renewal Term") unless notice is given pursuant to 5.2.
Unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of Section ​12, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until July 31, 2019 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid until the [* * *] (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue to be in full force and effect for so long as Photronics and DNP, or any of their Affiliates, each remains a Shareholder of the Company.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect through December 31, 2021 and any Renewal Term (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier as set forth herein.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 12, shall extend until the four (4) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on September 10, 2015 and shall continue for One (1) Year (the "Term").
This Agreement becomes effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 11, shall continue until the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect for an initial period of 1 year ("Initial Term").
This term of this Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereto shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in perpetuity (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions contained herein.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of twelve (12) full calendar months ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term"), unless mutually extended by written agreement of the Parties or unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall commence effective as of the date hereof and shall expire on December 31, 2028.
This Agreement shall continue until January 18, 2022, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods ending on January 18th of each year, provided such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (a) the Fund's Board of Trustees and (b) a vote of a majority (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund's Trustees who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of the Plan, in this Agreement, or any agreement related to the Plan (the "Qualified Trustees"), by vote cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting on such approval.
With respect to each of the Services, the term thereof will be for a period commencing as of the date hereof, unless a different date is specified as the commencement date for any applicable Service on Exhibit A or Exhibit B (either, a "Commencement Date"), and shall continue until 12 months following the Commencement Date unless (i) such other date as is specified as the termination date for any applicable Service in this Agreement or on Exhibit A or Exhibit B, as applicable (the "Term") or (ii) earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement (a "Termination Date").
Cellco's appointment as custodian is effective as of the Initial Cutoff Date and will continue until the later of (i) the date on which all obligations of the Issuer have been paid in full and (ii) the date on which such appointment is terminated under this Section 3.10(f).
This Agreement will terminate on the earlier to occur of (a) the date upon which the last remaining Receivable is paid in full, settled, sold or written off and any amounts received are applied and (b) the Issuer is terminated under Section 8.1 of the Trust Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence as of April 1, 2018 (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon the later of: (a) the conclusion of the 2022/23 NFL season and (b) the last day in February, 2023 (such expiration date, the "Scheduled Expiration Date"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be valid for five (5) years from February 1, 2019 through January 31, 2024 unless this Agreement is terminated earlier pursuant to Section 14 (the "Term").
The term of this agreement will begin on April 1, 2018 and continue until April 30, 2018 at 11:59pm.
This agreement is for a term of ten (10) years.
This Agreement shall commence on March 15, 2018 and will expire on March 14, 2020 unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 13 of the Agreement (the "Term")
The Contract is valid for 5 years, beginning from and ended on .
The "Term" of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will end on the earlier of: (a) the first anniversary of the expiration date of the last Purchase Schedule (as defined in this next Section); (b) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party any time after the expiration of the last Purchase Schedule; or (c) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party as provided in Subsection 11(d) of this Agreement.
Termination Date: December 31, 2023
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the time periods set forth in Schedules 1 and 2 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and continues in perpetuity, unless termination occurs pursuant to Sections 4.2 through 4.4.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
The license granted to the Licensee under this Agreement shall continue perpetually
This Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
TERM: November 01, 2014 to October 31, 2017
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
Period of transportation services: this Agreement is valid for an indefinite term.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and unless earlier terminated as provided elsewhere in this Agreement, will end automatically upon the end of Year 3.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for one (1) year following the Launch Date, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
The Term shall commence on the date of this Agreement and, unless earlier terminated or extended as provided below, shall end as of December 31, 2000.
The term of this Agreement shall be for a period of two (2) years (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall end fifteen months therefrom.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon delivery of [**] to ebix, but in no way shall this Agreement extend any later than thirty (30) months from the Effective Date regardless of the number Filled Application Forms delivered to ebix. About will make commercially reasonable efforts to achieve that number in twelve (12) months or less from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end three (3) years from the date the Co-Branded Application becomes accessible to Excite@Home Members ("Launch Date").
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the date above, and shall continue for a term of one (1) year
Term shall mean the Effective Date through June 15, 2001 and any Renewal Term (as defined in paragraph 7.4 herein.)
INITIAL TERM shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the second anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11.
Initial Term shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the fourth anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8
This Agreement shall be effective upon the ------------------- Effective Date and shall remain in force for a period of one (1) year, and shall be automatically renewed for successive periods of one (1) year unless otherwise terminated as provided herein.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in force for three years from the Launch Date (the "Initial Term") unless earlier
"Launch Date" means the first date on which the Service is made publicly available.<omitted>This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date and will continue in effect for 2 years following the Launch Date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall ----------------------- commence on the Effective Date and end on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the date that the Affiliate Registration Form is approved by Chase and will end when terminated by either party.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of five (5) years from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term") after which this Agreement may be extended on mutual agreement of the parties (a "Renewal Term," and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
This Agreement will remain in force for perpetuity or until and unless otherwise mutually agreed or amended in writing by both parties.
The term of this Agreement will begin upon acceptance of Affiliate's Program application and will end when terminated by either party of this Agreement.
This Agreement is entered into for an unlimited period of time.
This Agreement shall be for the term of one year; thereafter, the Agreement shall renew automatically under these same terms and agreements unless superceded by future agreements.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until either Party informs the other Party with thirty (30) day prior written notice of termination of this Agreement.
The "Initial Term" shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire on March 31, 2011.
The term ("Term") of this Agreement shall be for one hundred eighty days (180) from the date set forth below unless Network 1 or Visa or MasterCard or Harris Bank doesn't approve Affiliate's ISO application, in which case, the Term will be 3 years.
Unless sooner terminated under the provisions hereof, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of one (1) year ("Term"). provided however, that the Parties may extend the Term for an additional year period by entering into an written addendum of the Agreement extending such term.
"CONTRACT PERIOD" means that period of time commencing upon the full execution of this Agreement by both Parties and terminating on May 31, 2016 unless sooner terminated under this Agreement.
All terms of this Agreement will automatically commence on November 1st, 2017, and expire on November 2nd, 2020.
"Term" means: 1.5t January 2013 to 315t December 2013 or until terminated under the provisions of this Agreement or the Primary Agreement.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time from February 21, 2011 through December 31, 2012.
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and ending on February 19, 2013 ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for two years from the date hereof, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (A) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund and (B) the vote of a majority of the Fund's directors who are not parties to this Agreement or "interested persons" (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Fund Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the Investment Fund Act.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this ARTICLE 13, shall remain in effect on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the expiration of the Royalty Term applicable to such Product and country (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect until the expiration of the Sublicense Agreement, unless earlier termination by pursuant to the terms of this Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4 of this Agreement, will continue until the expiration of the Warranty Period as defined in subsection 9(a) of this Agreement.
Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, the Parties' respective rights and obligations under this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force for ten (10) years after the First Commercial Sale of the first Licensed Product, and shall thereafter automatically renew for an unlimited period of time unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Section 15.2.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein, unless earlier terminated by either party, this Agreement shall expire on ______, 20___, and all rights of Developer herein shall cease and all unapplied or unused Development Fees paid pursuant to Section 3 hereof shall be forfeited to Franchisor.
Unless terminated pursuant to Section 10 or 11 below, it shall expire upon the earlier of the date specified in Exhibit "B" or upon the opening of the last El Pollo Loco® Restaurant listed in the Development Schedule.
Dr. Murray's obligations set out herein shall be performed from the Effective Date until December 31, 2018 (the initial "Services Term").
Except as otherwise stated herein as pertaining only to a Services Term, this Agreement shall remain in effect for ten years, unless terminated in accordance with Sections 6.1 (a) or 6.2(b).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance herewith, shall continue in force and effect until (a) the date of expiration of the last Royalty Term for the last Licensed Product, or (b) the expiration of the License Option Period and the failure of AbbVie to exercise the License Option (such period, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") will begin on the date this Agreement is signed by the last signatory ("Effective Date") and remain in effect for [***]; provided, however, that the terms of this Agreement shall remain applicable to any SOW that was executed by the Parties prior to the expiration or termination of this Agreement but whose period of performance extends beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue thereafter for a period of twelve (12) months (the "Initial Term").
The Term shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of five (5) years.
The term "Term" shall mean an initial term of five years, automatically renewable thereafter for successive 5-year terms unless either party provides prior written notice of termination not less than 90 days prior to the end of such five-year term; provided, however, T&B shall have the right to terminate the license after the first year of the Term if LEA does not conduct the Business so as to meet the Cash Sales benchmarks set by the parties for years two through five of the Term, as set forth in Section 3.3, below.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless the Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will come into effect on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force for ten (10) years from the Launch (the "Initial Term"), or the date of expiry of the last valid patent of the Licensed Product, whichever comes later, subject to clauses 19.2, 19.3, 19.4 and 19.5 hereunder
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will commence on the Effective Date and will expire upon the earliest of (i) termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 14.2, or (ii) the date of payment of the last Approval Payment due based on all applicable Regulatory Approvals which have been received.
The term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article XII, shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration of Sanofi's payment obligations under Article IX or the Profit/Loss Share Agreement, whichever is later (the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 14 hereof (the "Term").
This Agreement commences on the date it is executed and shall continue until full performance by both parties, or until earlier terminated by one party under the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will be for the maximum period of six (6) months beginning for the commencement date, renewable in accordance with the terms hereof, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.
This Agreement will be in effect for three (3) years from the Effective Date ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Unless otherwise stated in the Appendix the term of this letter Agreement shall continue for twenty-four (24) months with the effective date unless terminated sooner or extended pursuant to the terms hereof ("Initial Term")
Contract end: 04-01-08
The initial term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and end twelve (12) months after the Launch (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b).
This Agreement and the provisions hereof, except as otherwise provided, shall be in full force and effect commencing on the date of execution by both Parties and shall extend for an initial term of two (2) years.
This Agreement will become effective as of the last date of signature (Effective Date) and shall, unless sooner terminated as provided below or as otherwise agreed, remain effective for an initial term of 10 Years following the first date of public availability of the PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Content within a THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION Property (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the date on which it is signed and affixed with the corporate seals by the authorized representative of each Party and have a term of five (5) years commencing as of the effective date hereof.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, except as set forth in Subsection (ii), continue in full force and effect through the Delivery Period.
This agreement will be in effect until the end of 2006 and will be evaluated at that time.
This Agreement shall take effect from the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect for twenty (20) years thereafter, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Clause 8.
Expiration Date: August 31, 2006
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on the Expiration Date set forth above (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 3(b).
The Term of the Agreement is hereby extended to January 20, 2012 unless sooner terminated as provided for in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be in effect until March 18. 2021, unless sooner terminated by either party upon (30) days written notice, without cause.
This contract shall remain in effect initially for the five (5) year term ("Initial Term") from the date signed and shall be automatically extended for one (1) year periods after the Initial Term ("Renewal Term") unless (i) either party provides written notice of its intention not to renew the Agreement within 180 days prior to any Renewal Term; or (ii) this Agreement is otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms of this Section 12.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate in _____________, on _____________, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement may be renewed for successive one (1) year periods if STAAR and Distributor expressly agree in writing and in their sole discretion to renew this Agreement prior to the foregoing termination date or any successive renewal term.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until September 1, 2045, unless earlier terminated by either Party pursuant to this Article 12 (the "Term").
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, all rights and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect for a period of eighteen (18) months after the initial theatrical release of that Property.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, including Robots, Kingdom of Heaven, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, In Her Shoes, Idiocracy (Oww My Balls) and Ice Age II, all right and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect until March 31, 2008."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Term") is the Effective Date through March 15, 2022.
This Agreement expires ten (10) years from the Agreement Date (the "Term"), unless it is terminated sooner as provided in other sections of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided under this Agreement, shall terminate five (5) years following the date of launch of the first Website, but in no event later than February 28, 2013 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue thereafter for a period of two (2) years, unless extended by written agreement of both parties or sooner terminated as set forth below.
This Agreement and the license granted herein shall remain effective until terminated.
Unless otherwise provided herein, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue through the completion or termination of Developer's services and work product as mutually agreed upon between the Parties (the Project).
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Commencement Date and will continue through December 31, 2022 or until this Agreement is otherwise terminated in accordance with its provisions ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate automatically without notice on December 31, 2022, unless the Parties agree in writing to extend the term of the Agreement (the initial term and any renewal terms are referred to collectively herein as the "Term").
This Second Amendment shall be effective from The Second Amendment Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2021.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue for a period of three (3) years therefrom (the "Term").
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue until termination as provided below.
This Agreement is for a term (the "Term") of 12 months from the Effective Date on June 1s t 2020 and expiring May 31st 2021.
This Agreement shall be in full force and effect commencing on January 2, 2020 and shall remain in effect for one (1) year or until Consultant completes the services requested
The term of this Agreement shall commence on January 10th, 2019 and shall expire on the day that is twenty-four (24) months from that date (the "Term of Engagement") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Term: twelve (12) months from the date of the Agreement which term shall automatically renew for an additional twelve (12) months on such date if the Agreement is not otherwise terminated according to Section 8 of the Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be the sooner of six (6) months from the Effective Date, or replacement of this Agreement with a subsequent agreement between the Parties.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the four-year anniversary of the Effective Date (such period, as it may be extended, either by the mutual written agreement of the parties or automatically, or earlier terminated being referred to as the "Consultation Period"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4, and shall automatically renew for successive one-year periods, unless the Company provides 90 days' notice of termination before any such successive period.
The term of this Agreement is for a period of five (5) years (the "Term") commencing on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the termination provisions of this Agreement, ending on January 31, 2025.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall expire twenty (20) years from the effective date of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
The term of this Agreement for the Hosted Site shall commence upon April 1, 1999 and shall continue for a period of six (6) months, unless earlier terminated in accordance with provisions hereof.
This Agreement shall continue in effect from the Effective Date for a one (1) year period, unless earlier terminated as set forth below, and thereafter shall renew automatically for successive one (1) year periods unless either party gives the other party at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of its intent not to renew the Agreement.
The effective term is 12 months beginning March 1, 2005 and ending February 28, 2006.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a period of 12 months thereafter (the "Period") in full force and effect until it is terminated in accordance with this Section 3.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated under this Article, shall continue in effect until the Conversion Date (the "Term"); provided that, with respect to any LMG Tools identified in Exhibit A as having a license term beyond the Conversion Date, TAG's License to, and LMG's obligation to provide LMG Services for, such LMG Tools shall survive for the period specified in Exhibit A.
The term of this Agreement is for ten (10) years commencing on the date of this Agreement, unless terminated as provided by this Agreement.
The obligations of the Agent pursuant to this Agreement shall terminate upon termination of the Offering, but in no event later than 45 days after the completion of the Subscription Offering (the "End Date").
The initial term of this Agreement is one (1) year from the date of delivery of the Product to Licensee unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
1 April 2009
The maintenance is for a period of one (1) year commencing upon expiration of the initial one (1) year term of the License/Services Schedule.
XIMAGE's obligations hereunder shall become effective upon the "Effective Date" and, unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall remain in full force and effect for at least one year thereafter.
This Agreement be deemed effective as of the Effective Date, Agreement and shall terminate on December 31, 2020, unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 3.2.
This Agreement shall continue in force until the earlier to occur of (i) the Owner no longer owns any Receivables or Participation Interests, and (ii) subject to Section 7(d), the delivery of written notice of termination by the Owner to the Servicer pursuant to Section 7(c), in each case upon which event this Agreement shall automatically terminate unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Servicer and the Owner.
Agent's appointment hereunder shall commence on the next business day after the later of (i) the date hereof, or (ii) the date Agent has confirmed that Client's records have been converted to Agent's system (the "Effective Date"), and shall continue for three years thereafter (the "Initial Term").
In relation to each Fund, this Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (a) the expiration of the term of such Fund or (b) the date, if any, on which Oaktree US (or any affiliate it has substituted in its stead in accordance with such Fund's Fund Agreement) is removed as general partner of such Fund or (c) the Sub-Advisor ceasing to be authorised and regulated by the FCA.
This Agreement shall take effect on the date of signature of the Agreement by both parties and shall terminate when all obligations required of both parties hereunder are performed unless either terminated earlier or extended by the parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement subject to clause 4.0.
At any time that there is no uncompleted Statement of Work outstanding, either party may terminate this Agreement for any or no reason upon fifteen (15) days advance notice to the other.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof and shall continue until terminated by either party pursuant to Paragraph 6 hereof.
The term of this Services Agreement shall begin on the date of execution and shall continue in effect for a period of two years.
Subject to the provisions for termination hereinafter provided, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a minimum period of 12 months (the "Minimum Period") and thereafter upon the mutual agreement of the Company and Maimon (the "Service Term").
This Agreement shall terminate (a) at the option of any party, upon 90 days' advance written notice to the other parties hereto; or (b) in the event of a material breach that has not been cured within ten days following a written notice of breach to the breaching party.
This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by the Parties.
The Appointment may be terminated by either party giving the other at least 12 months' notice in writing.
Your employment shall commence on 26 September 2019 and shall continue unless and until either party gives notice to the other in accordance with paragraph 11 below.
This Agreement shall terminate immediately and automatically upon the termination of Company's Participation Agreement(s) with the Funds, and in such event no notice need be given hereunder.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
"Service Period" means April. 1st 2019 through to March 30, 2020<omitted>The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
Subject to earlier termination as provided below, this Service Agreement is for the total duration of the Company's Offering (the "Initial Term") unless either party requests termination at least 30 days prior to the end of the then-current term.
The Executive's employment with the Company will commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue, subject to the remaining terms of this Agreement, until terminated by either party giving the other the following minimum advance written notice: 2.1.1 6 weeks' notice; 2.1.2 such other longer period as required by law.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the day and year first above written and shall govern the relations between the parties hereto thereafter, unless terminated as set forth in this Section 6.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year, commencing January 1, 2008 and ending on December 31, 2008.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate at the end of the Exclusivity Period (i.e., a three (3) year period commencing on the Effective Date).
Subject to the provisions of Section 14 hereof, the term of this Agreement and the sponsorship described herein shall commence on January 1, 2010 and extend through December 31, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be four (4) Processing Years commencing on the Effective Date of this Agreement and ending on June 30, 2010 unless
This Agreement shall automatically terminate at and as of (the first to occur of): (a) 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on the 30th day after the Effective Date (if Purchaser has not commenced the Offer, with the unanimous consent of the Sponsors, by then); (b) the expiration of the Offer (if the Offer is not consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), subject to any extension or subsequent offering period; and (c) the expiration of the Interim Period (if the Offer is consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), in any case, unless sooner terminated by unanimous written consent of the Participating Sponsors; provided, however, that any liability for failure to comply with this Agreement shall survive any such termination.
Unless otherwise terminated as specified in this Section 12, the ---- term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and will not end until the later of (a) twelve (12) months from the Launch Date; or (2) the date Intuit displays a total of 176,717,916 Impressions in accordance with the terms set forth herein ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the "Effective Date" and shall continue for ten (10) Contract Years, unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 6 of this Agreement or extended by renewal by written agreement of the Parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 13(o) of this Agreement (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided for herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence as of the date hereof and shall terminate at the end of the Season which is scheduled to end on October 12, 2002 (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and conclude on October 31, 2010, unless renewed by agreement or sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
If the Launch Date has not occurred by August 31, 1999, Sponsor shall, in its sole discretion, be entitled to terminate this Agreement without any liability and receive a full refund of all amounts paid by Sponsor to drkoop.com pursuant to this Agreement prior to the date of such termination.
The initial term (the "Initial Term"; and together with all extensions and renewals, the "Term") will begin on the date set forth above * * * (the "Launch Date") on which: (i) each of the Sponsor Areas of the drkoop.com Website are operational in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (other than the e-commerce tile placements); and (ii) the links to the<omitted>Sponsor Website or Vitamin Buzz contained in the Sponsor logos or the Sponsor banner advertisements are established in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, subject to earlier termination as set forth in this Agreement.
In the event that Excite has not delivered XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX clickthroughs to the Client Site by the end of twelve (12) months after the Launch Date, the first year of the term of the Agreement will be extended without additional sponsorship and advertising fees for up to an additional four (4) months.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not end until Excite displays of a total of XXXXXXXXXXXXX impressions of Client's advertising banners and promotional placements on the Excite Site and Excite has made reasonable commercial efforts to deliver, at minimum, a goal of XXXXXXXX clickthroughs to the Client Site.
Regardless of Excite's actual delivery of impressions and clickthroughs, the term of this Agreement will not be shorter than two (2) years after the display of the first of Client's advertising banners and promotional placements, subject to the termination rights set forth below.
The initial production period shall be for a period of two (2) months to commence on November 4, 1998 (the "Production Period"), and the remaining term of this Agreement shall be for a period of twenty four (24) months to commence on the tentative launch date of January 4, 1999, unless terminated earlier as provided herein (the "Promotion Period"), (The Production Period and the Promotion Period shall be collectively referred to as the "Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and, unless terminated as provided herein, shall continue through November 30, 1998.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on July 19, 1999 and shall ---- thereafter continue until all above described Sponsor benefits are completed, but in no event beyond the end of the 1999 season (the "Term").
If Hydron does not timely exercise its right to terminate this Agreement, then Hydron agrees that this Agreement shall continue for the entire four (4) year term unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end on the second (2nd) anniversary of the Commencement Date.
Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall take effect on December 1st, 2015 and shall expire on November 30, 2016.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the specific terms of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not end until Excite displays a total of [*****] impressions of the Client advertising banners and promotional placements on the Excite Network as described in this Agreement and pushes [*****] emails using the email vehicles specified in Exhibit B
The services described herein to be provided by Agency shall begin upon execution and delivery of the Outsourcing Agreement and shall continue until termination of Contractor's activities to administer the Notes thereunder.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the date first set forth above, and shall continue in full force and effect until terminated as provided below.
The initial term ("Initial Term") of this Agreement shall be for one year commencing on the 1st day of May, 2006 ("Effective Date").
This agreement shall commence on January 20, 2014 (the "Effective Date") and shall continue in effect for six (6) months (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of the contracted agreement is 5 years from the commencement date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and extend for three (3) years thereafter ("INITIAL TERM"), with an automatic renewal for an indefinite period of time ("EXTENDED TERM"), unless terminated by the parties according to Sections 16.2. or 16.3. herein.
The term of this Agreement will commence on January 1, 1998 (the "Effective Date") and will end on December 31, 1998.
"Term" shall mean the period commencing on the Effective Date and terminating on the eighth anniversary of the Commencement Date, unless the Agreement is extended in accordance with its provisions.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on November 30, 2014 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall be valid for an indefinite period.
This Attachment and its Product Attachments shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in Section 5.0 of the Base Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in Section 5.0.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms hereof, the term of this Agreement shall end on the seventh anniversary of the date hereof.
This Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement will be for two (2) year(s) commencing on the Effective Date.
This Agreement is effective as of August 1, 2004, (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate on July 31, 2009, (the "Termination Date") unless earlier terminated or extended as provided for herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date unless sooner terminated pursuant to the termination provisions herein.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of 1 year after the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated as set forth herein (the "TERM").
This Amendment shall enter into force on the date of its signature by both Parties and, unless otherwise agreed upon in writing by the Parties through a subsequent amendment to the GMA, shall remain in force for the term of the referenced GMA.
The Agreement shall end on the End Date without any further action, unless otherwise provided under this Agreement.
"End Date" means the date on which this Agreement is terminated or expires, and shall be the earlier to occur of the following, as appropriate: (i) the end of the Initial Term as defined in Clause 3.1of this Agreement; or, (ii) the end of the term of each annual renewal of this Agreement as per Clause 3.2 of this Agreement; or, (iii) the date on which all or part of this Agreement is terminated as per Clause 16 ("Termination");
The Agreement enters into force on the Signing Date; it will have a duration of [*****] as from the Start Date (the "Initial Term").
The first paid (Initial) Maintenance Term shall commence upon expiration of the Warranty Period and shall continue for twelve (12) months thereafter.
This Agreement shall apply and remain in effect from the Effective Date and perpetually thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the Section entitled "Termination."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the date that payment is due for Minimum Payment Period 7, pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof and as set forth in Attachment B hereof, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
This Agreement shall come into force on the Effective Date and shall remain in force and effect for a period of [Redacted - Commercially Sensitive - Term Details] , unless this Agreement is extended or previously terminated in accordance with this clause 12, pursuant to clause 15.1 (Force Majeure), or (ii) by the mutual written consent of the Parties (the "Term").
The Agreement shall have an initial term of ten (10) years commencing from the Effective Date and ending on the tenth (10th) anniversary thereof (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of Section 15.2 or Section 15.3.
The "Term" shall begin on the date hereof and shall expire December 31, 2023, subject to early termination pursuant to the terms of Section 19. Flotek, may, by written notice given to FCC on or before September 30, 2023, elect for the Term to be extended to December 31, 2024.
TERM OF EXECUTION From January 30, 2012 until July 29, 2012
Subject to the General Terms and Conditions of Transporter's FERC Gas Tariff and Rate Schedule FTS/ITS, this Agreement shall be effective as of the date of physical completion of and initial deliveries on Transporter's pipeline and shall continue for a primary term of ten years.
This Agreement shall be effective from the date first above written and shall continue indefinitely until terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
The Agreement shall continue through the project's in-service date and for a period of fifteen (15) years after the project's in-service date ("Initial Term").
"Initial Term" means the period commencing on the Effective Date and concluding on the last day of the month in which the fifth anniversary of the Offtake Agreement Effective Date falls.
"Offtake Agreement" means that certain Crude Oil Sale and Purchase Agreement between the Principal and STASCO dated 1 November 1999.
This contract shall be effective as of November 1, 2002, and shall remain in force and effect, unless modified as per Exhibit B, until October 31, 2012.
"Royalty Term" means, with respect to sales of a Product in the Territory, the time period beginning on the First Commercial Sale of such Product in the Territory and expiring on the latest of the following dates: (a) *** (b) *** (c) ***<omitted>Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall continue in effect until the expiration of the Royalty Term as defined in Section 1.87 ("Term"), and thereafter Green Cross has no remaining payment obligations with respect to the Products pursuant to Section 8.5 above and MacroGenics shall have no further obligations hereunder.
The term of the agreement is 20 years, during which if any main equipment of any Party stops operation due to technical problem or at the end of its life cycle, the agreement shall be automatically terminated.
This Agreement shall come into force as of January 1, 2013 and remain valid for 1 year.
As of the effective date hereof, the original cooperation of mobile game business executed between the Parties shall terminate automatically.
Party A and Party B agree and confirm that the term of cooperation under this Agreement shall commence from the execution date hereof and end on the expiration date of the operation term of Party B ("Term of Cooperation").
Unless this Agreement is early terminated in accordance with this Agreement or other agreements signed by the Parties hereof, the term of the validity of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date.
"Intended End of Term" means the later of (a) the seventh (7th) anniversary of the Effective Date and (b) the date determined to be the "Intended End of Term" under Section 7.2.2(d) (Effects of Tolling).<omitted>This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms, including by Ginkgo pursuant to Section 7.3 (Buy-Down Election) or extended by the mutual written agreement of the Parties, shall continue until the Intended End of Term (such time period, as may be extended pursuant to this Section 13.3.1 (Term - General), the "Term"); provided that, if,<omitted>at the expiration of the Intended End of Term, Ginkgo has paid the Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitment, but will not have paid to BLI the Full Purchase Target, then the Term of this Agreement shall automatically extend for an additional [***] ([***]) year period from the date of the expiration of the then-Intended End of Term so that, among other things, BLI may potentially receive the benefit of the Full Purchase Target and Ginkgo may receive the continuing benefit of royalty-free licenses.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial term of three (3) years from the Promotion Commencement Date, divided into three one-year periods.
Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall commence effective June 1, 1998, and shall continue for a term of three (3) years expiring May 31, 2001 (the "Term").
"Term" means the earlier of: (a) the end of the two year period from the Effective Date to 31 July 2013; or (b) the last day of the calendar month within which the Maximum Distribution Commitment is reached.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as set out in this Agreement, shall continue for the Term.
This promotion shall begin on June 1,1999 and shall terminate June 1, 2000 (herein "Term")
The Joint Venture shall commence on the 1st of March, 2003, and shall be effective until February 28, 2004 unless extended by written agreement of the Joint Venturers not less than thirty (30) days prior to scheduled termination.
Except as otherwise provided herein, the term of this Agreement is three (3) years from the Execution Date ("Cooperation Period").
The term of this Agreement is twelve (12) months from the date hereof, and will be automatically renewed for one (1) additional twelve month period unless either party shall notify the other in writing of its intention not to renew.
This Agreement is effective as of the date hereof and shall remain in full force and effect for the period (the "Covered Period") commencing on the date hereof and ending on the date that is the earliest of: (i) the Company's failure to appoint the ValueAct Designee to the Board following the ValueAct Group's written request to the Company to have the ValueAct Designee appointed to the Board pursuant to Section 1(a) of this Agreement; (ii) the failure of the Company to comply in good faith with Section 1(e) of this Agreement; or (iii) the date which is the 60t h day prior to the Company's 2016 annual meeting of stockholders.
This Agreement shall take effect as of the Effective Date and shall expire upon completion of the Project as set forth in the Project Plan and after payment of all payments due and payable according to this Agreement, unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
"Expiration Date" means March 31, 2020.
The Joint Venture is a fixed term Joint Venture beginning November 27, 2018 and ending November 30th, 2019 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on February 1, 1998 and end on the first anniversary of the date of this Agreement; provided that (a) either party may terminate this Agreement, effective at any time after the first three months of the Term, by giving 30 days' written notice of termination to the other party, and (b) either party may terminate this Agreement at any time by giving written notice of termination to the other party, if the other party commits a material breach of its obligations hereunder that is not cured within 30 days after notice thereof from the non-breaching party.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue, unless terminated sooner in accordance with this Article VIII, until June 27, 2011 (the "Term").
This Agreement shall continue until terminated as provided herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated under the terms of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the Services to be provided with respect to any Account which is registered as an investment company under the 1940 Act (herein referred to as a "registered investment company") are services referred to in the definition of "investment advisor" under Section 202(a)(11) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (herein referred to as "investment advisory services"), then with respect to such Account, this Agreement: (i) shall not commence until the effective date of its approval by the board of directors or trustees ("Board") of such Account; (ii) shall continue from year to year thereafter, subject to the provisions for termination and all other terms and conditions hereof, only if such continuation shall be specifically approved at least annually by a majority of the Board, including a majority of the members of the Board who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons of any such party (other than as members of the Board) cast in person at a meeting called for that purpose; (iii) may be terminated at any time without the payment of any penalty by the Board or by a vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities (as defined in Section 2(a)(42) of the 1940 Act) of the Account on 60 days' written notice to the Adviser; (iv) shall automatically terminate in the event of (A) its assignment (as defined in the 1940 Act) or (B) termination of the Advisory Agreement for any reason whatsoever.
Subject to the remaining provisions of this Section, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the effective date first above written and shall continue until terminated by mutual agreement of the parties hereto or by either party on not less than 60 days' written notice to the other party hereto.
This Limited Power of Attorney shall be revoked and terminated automatically upon the cancellation or termination of the Services Agreement or as to any Fund upon the cancellation or termination of the Adviser's Investment Advisory Contract for such Fund.
Unless otherwise mutually agreed to by the Parties, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end upon expiration of the Term, unless terminated early as contemplated hereunder.
"Term" means, on a Country-by-Country and Collaboration Product-by-Collaboration Product basis, the period from the Effective Date until the later of (a) the expiration or termination of the last Valid Claim of a Patent Right covering the Pooled Compound in such Collaboration Product in such Country, and (b) fifteen (15) years from First Commercial Sale in such Country, unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with Article 14.
The term of the CDx Development Program shall be five (5) years.
The term for Database Insights under Section 3.1.8 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Database Insights Term").
The term "Agreement Term" shall mean the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is terminated sooner as provided in Article 17, expiring on the date when all work has been completed or terminated under all R&D Plans.
The initial term of the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program will be five (5) years beginning on the Effective Date.
The term for Sample Profiling set forth in Section 3.1.4 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Profiling Term").
This Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue for the Agreement Term.
The initial term of the ctDNA Platform Development Program will be twelve (12) months.
The initial term of this Agreement shall, unless sooner terminated by consent of all parties, expires in five (5) years from the date of Effective Date.
The Contract Term shall extend for a period of fifty (50) years.
This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date, and will continue until the expiration of the "Sales Term" as that term is defined in the Sales Dealer Agreement dated as of August 16, 2017 between Vivint and Vivint Solar Developer, LLC (the "Term")."
The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years, subject to the prior termination rights provided below.
Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, this Agreement continues in effect for an initial term of seven (7) years ("Initial Term") and will automatically renew for one or more annual periods after the Initial Term (each a "Renewal Term") unless either party gives notice of non-renewal at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the beginning of any Renewal Term.
The duration of this Venture (the "Term") will begin on March 1, 2020 and continue in full force and effect until February 28, 2025 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
This Amendment shall only become effective upon the VNBJ Closing with respect to Article 1.1 and the VNBZ Closing with respect to Article 1.2, and shall terminate without any force or effect in the event that the VNBJ SPA and the VNBZ SPA are terminated in accordance with the terms thereof.
This JV Agreement shall become effective on the signing date and shall have a duration of * years, extendable for a further * years, unless notice of non- renewal is sent one year before the natural expiry date.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of execution and shall continue in force and effect for an indefinite term thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the provisions of Article 16 or by all the Parties in writing.
This agreement shall terminate: a. Automatically if any public authority cancels or declines to renew the Agency's license or Certificate of Authority. b. Immediately if either party gives detailed written notice to the other of alleged gross and willful misconduct, fraud or material misrepresentation.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date hereof and shall terminate upon the termination of the Offering.
This Agreement will become effective as of the date first written above and will continue in effect thereafter until terminated pursuant to Paragraph 4.2 below.
This Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years commencing upon the Effective Date hereof unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement (the "Initial Term").
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the later to occur of the date that is (x) three (3) years from the date hereof and (y) the date on which an affiliate of Freedom Mortgage is not acting as the external manager of Cherry Hill.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years following the Effective Date or until the Studies are completed, whichever is later, unless extended or unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof.
Term: This Study Order will continue until the Study is completed, which is expected to be ________ (__) months after the Effective Date, or until terminated early as provided in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the date first set forth above and, shall expire on the later of (i) five (5) years from the date hereof, or (ii) with respect to any projects identified in any contract for which VET TECH is billing the client directly, upon the completion of COOL TECH's Services and receipt of payment by COOL TECH from VET TECH for said services.
Unless terminated sooner, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years thereafter (the "Initial Term") and shall automatically renew for additional one (1) year terms on the terms and conditions set forth herein (each a "Renewal Term" and collectively, the "Term") unless either party gives the other Party Notice of its intention to terminate this Agreement ninety (90) days before the end of the Initial Term or Renewal Term, if any.
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this ---- Agreement shall terminate on the later of (i) the third anniversary of the Effective Date or (ii) the date on which ETI ceases to be a Subsidiary of NTL.
THIS STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), made effective this 17t h day of February 2016, through February 16, 2019 (the "Initial Term") i
Either party may terminate this agreement after 3 years following the effective date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall remain in effect for a period of 5 years ("Initial Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years from the date of execution and may be extended subject to satisfactory agreement on ongoing commercial terms, to be agreed two (2) months prior to the expiration of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until the later of (a) the fourth (4th) anniversary of the Effective Date, or (b) the completion or termination of the Research and receipt by LBIO of all deliverables due from MD Anderson hereunder, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.2 or Section 9.14.
This Agreement is effective on the Effective Date and shah continue in effect until the earlier of (a) the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date, and (b) termination by either Party for any reason upon thirty (30) days' written notice to the other Party; provided, however, that no Party shall be able to terminate this Agreement so long as such Party is a Defaulting Party under this Agreement.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until it is terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 15 of this Agreement ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and will continue in effect until five (5) year(s) from such date (the "Initial Term") unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 25.
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Initial Term") will be ten (10) years from the Effective Date, provided that at any time following the 7th anniversary of such date, either party may terminate such strategic alliance upon not less than 60 days' prior written notice to the other party.
The rights and obligations of the Farids Group set forth in this Article VI (other than those set forth in Sections 6.8 and 6.9) shall terminate on the date that the Farids Group owns less than 3% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock, but in no event earlier than the Expiration Date (as defined in the Warrant).
The term of this Agreement is twenty-four (24) months.
This Agreement shall be for an initial term of five (5) years, and unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall automatically renew for an additional term of five (5) years thereafter.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for a term of ten (10) years, unless previously terminated in accordance with Clause 15 (Termination).
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of two (2) years ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 11 of this Agreement.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 4.2 or 4.3, this Agreement will be in effect from the Effective Date until completion of the Research Program.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of three (3) years after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement is effective on the day of May 1, 2013 and the effective term is the same as the Cooperation Ter
The Cooperation Term of the parties shall be two years from May 1, 2013 to April 30, 2015.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, (i) that this Section 8 shall survive any such termination and (ii) no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, shall continue in full force and effect until terminated pursuant to this Article 18.
This Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of: (i) the conclusion of the Standstill Period or (ii) delivery of written notice by one Party to the other Party of a material breach of this Agreement by the breaching Party that is uncured after ten (10) calendar days of notice of such breach.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement will be effective as of the date of its execution, and term of the Cooperation will be four years from the date on which the channel is uploaded.<omitted>The channel is expected to be uploaded on August 1, 201
Unless otherwise mutual agreed between the Parties, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the earlier of the below events occur: (a) The fifth (5t h) anniversary of this Agreement; and (b) Otkritie ceasing to own more than 2,237,216 class B shares or American depositary shares of QIWI.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period in accordance with Section 4, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
Subject to the other provisions contained herein, this AGREEMENT shall be for a term of thirty (30) years from the Effective Date, which shall automatically renew from year-to-year thereafter unless terminated by a Party upon sixty (60) days' written notice after the end of the term.
The term of this Agreement shall be fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the following provisions of this Article:
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this IP Agreement shall extend until the last date of expiration of the SRAM Intellectual Property rights licensed under this IP Agreement.
The term of this Agreement is five (5) years unless the early termination in accordance with this Agreement.
The provisions of this Agreement, including the license rights provided in this Article III, shall not be terminable or revocable for any reason.
The term of this IP Agreement shall be from the Effective Date until all of the Intellectual Property licensed hereunder is in the public domain (provided, however, that in such event the representations and warranties in Article III shall survive (and terminate) in accordance with the Acquisition Agreement) or this IP Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 4.3.
This Agreement shall remain in effect for sixty (60) months from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
Unless otherwise agreed in writing by Accuray and Distributor and subject to the termination rights contained in this Agreement, this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until the termination of the Strategic Alliance Agreement; provided, however, that if a Termination Election relating to this Agreement is made pursuant to Section 10.3 of the Strategic Alliance Agreement prior to such termination, this Agreement shall terminate 36 months after such Termination Election (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement shall terminate on May 31, 2015, unless sooner terminated.
As provided for in this Section 1, the term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years, beginning on the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"); provided, however, the Initial Term shall be subject to automatic successive renewal terms of three (3) years each (the "Renewal Terms" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
The terms of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date and will be automatically renewed on each anniversary of the effective date, for a renewal term of one year unless either party provides written notification of its intention not to renew this Agreement at least one month prior to the expiration of the initial or any renewal terms.
Distributor's appointment is for a term of one year from the Effective Date, renewable automatically unless terminated under Section 18
The Term will commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and will remain in effect, unless sooner terminated under paragraphs 5.2, 5.3, or 5.4, until the termination date specified in Exhibit A.
September 30, 1997
This Agreement shall have an initial term of one (1) year from the date first above written (the "Initial Term"), and shall thereafter automatically renew for successive two (2) year periods (each a "Renewal Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement shall be two (2) years from the Effective Date with automatic annual renewals thereafter provided either party does not provide sixty (60) days notice of termination prior to the renewal date or the Agreement is not otherwise terminated as set forth in Section 8.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) calendar years from the Agreement date.
The term of this Agreement shall be ten (10) years (the "Term") which shall commence on the date upon which the Company delivers to Distributor the last Sample, as defined hereinafter.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date first above written and shall terminate on 31 December 2006, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years from the date first set forth above and shall thereafter automatically renew for additional two (2) year terms unless a party provides the other party with notice of non-renewal no less than 6 months prior to the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term unless earlier terminated as follows
April 15, 2000 through October 15, 2000 (6 Months from the Effective Date)
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) years from the Effective Date and shall thereafter be automatically renewed for subsequent one (1) year periods unless either party notifies the other in writing of its election not to renew the Agreement at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the expiration of the then-current term.
Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until terminated by either Party upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice.
This contract shall be for a term of one year commencing on the date first above written; thereafter, it shall automatically continue until terminated by either party upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for 3 years (the "Initial Term") commencing on the date first set forth above (the "Commencement Date") and ending on the 3rd anniversary of the Commencement Date.
The Term of this Agreement shall be for a period of [* ****] years and [*****] months commencing the 1st day of September 2004 and terminating the [*****] day of [*****].
The term of the license hereby granted shall commence August 1, 1995 and continue until January 30, 2000, unless sooner terminated in the manner provided in the immediately succeeding sentence or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
Unless otherwise provided for in this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall be three years, commencing on the date of this Agreement and expiring on the third anniversary date of this Agreement (the "Termination Date").
The COMPANY agrees to a one year engagement to contract the CELEBRITY to speak at the company meetings and seminars along with endorsement of the Company products.
Notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement shall terminate upon the Trust's payment to the Company of the sum of the aggregate amount of the premiums paid under the Policy since inception (which amount includes the outstanding principal balance of the Demand Note).
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing on January 1, 2000 and concluding December 31, 2003, unless terminated sooner as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall extend from the date of execution hereof through and until _______, unless extended by written agreement of the parties.
The term of this Agreement shall commence January 1, 1996, and shall continue for a period of three (3) years, concluding December 31, 1998.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing as of May 31, 1999 and concluding May 31, 2000.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Article 13, shall continue in full force and effect, on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the Secondary Royalty Term with respect to such Product expires, at which time this Agreement shall expire in its entirety with respect to such Product in such country.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and unless terminated earlier by mutual written agreement of the Parties or pursuant to Section 9.2 (Termination At Will) or Section 9.3 (Termination for Cause) below, the term of this Agreement shall continue in effect until Achaogen ceases development and commercialization of Plazomicin ("Term").
Except as provided in Sections 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, and 6.5, this Agreement shall terminate one (1) year from the Rig Release Date, if such has not been terminated sooner pursuant to the provisions hereof.
The term of this Agreement shall be for 10 years commencing on the date of execution of this Agreement by AIRSOPURE.
The Term shall begin on the Effective Date and will end, without further notice, on the Expiration Date set forth in the Addendum, unless terminated earlier under the terms of this Agreement.<omitted>Expiration Date: at midnight on the last day of the month fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date
The term of this Agreement starts on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is earlier terminated in accordance with its provisions, will expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date.
You must operate the Franchise at a mutually agreeable site (the "Premises") to be identified after the signing of this Agreement, and to use the System and the Marks in the operation of that Franchise, for a term of 10 years (the "Initial Term")
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, this Agreement will expire on _______________________________________.
This Agreement shall be effective as of that date (the "Effective Date") the Site becomes fully operational as set forth in writing and executed by both Parties and shall continue for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date.
This Agreement will be effective beginning on 12:01 a.m., Eastern Time, on the day after the date of last signature to these Base Terms ("Effective Date") and ending on the expiration and/or termination of all Service Option Attachments, unless the Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and will terminate on the third anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreemen
This Agreement will take effect on the Effective Date and remain in effect for a period of 1 year; provided, that Sections 2 and 3 level shall terminate promptly upon (a) any action or omission by Client or any of its customers which constitutes a breach of or default by TrueLink under any System Agreement or Credit Repository Agreement, which breach or default has either not been cured or cannot be cured within the applicable cure period and the consequences of which is that TrueLink will lose material rights it had pursuant to said Agreements or (b) any violations or breach by Client of Sections 8a - 8c.
This agreement shall be for a term of five years from the date of this document.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.
"Term" means the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and continuing thereafter indefinitely until this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 10 below.
Subject to early termination of this Agreement pursuant to Sections 7.2, 7.3 or 7.4, this Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue until the expiration or earlier termination of the Development and License Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid for a period of five (5) years with automatic renewal of one year thereafter until terminated<omitted>by either party with one (1) year written notice prior to the expiration of the initial period or any extension period thereof.
Unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 12.2 below, the initial term of this Agreement shall expire on 31 December 2024 (the "Initial Term") unless the Parties mutually agree in writing any extension to the Initial Term.
This Agreement shall have a term of four (4) years from the effective date first set forth above, and shall automatically renew for additional one year terms unless earlier terminated by either party.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall extend for a period of Five (5) years thereafter ("Initial Term"), unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein or is extended by mutual written agreement of the Parties.
Unless terminated earlier as provided herein, this Agreement shall terminate on the date three (3) years from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement is three years from and including the date of this Agreement (the "Initial Term"), with automatic renewal for additional successive one-year terms (each a "Renewal Term" and together wit the Initial Term, the "Term") unless no later than [* * *] days prior to the end of the Initial Term, or any Renewal Term either party notifies the other that it wishes to terminate this Agreement effective the end of the Initial Term or that Renewal Term, as applicable.
Except as otherwise set forth in Sections 9.2 and 9.3 or Exhibit A hereof, the term of this Agreement shall be eighteen (18) months ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for a period of one year from the date of its execution and from year to year thereafter provided such continuance is specifically approved by a majority of the trustees of the Trust who (i) are not "interested persons" of the Trust or any other party to this Agreement, as defined in the 1940 Act, and (ii) have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of this Agreement ("Non- Interested Trustees").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3 of this Agreement, shall continue until the twentieth (20th) anniversary of the Effective Date; provided, however, (i) Operator shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Owner, if Operator provides a substitute operator acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, who (A) has experience operating similar assets, (B) has the ability to provide at least the same quality of service as Operator, (C) has the financial ability to perform the obligations hereunder, and (D) is ready, willing and able to execute an operation and maintenance agreement substantially similar to this Agreement and acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, and (ii) Owner shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Operator.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 8, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
To the extent not terminated previously by AIG pursuant to the foregoing, this Agreement will terminate automatically one year after the closing of any sale of the Company by AIG, and all provisions hereof will be of no further force and effect.
It shall be effective on 06 October 2000 and shall have a duration of two years.
Subject to termination pursuant to this Agreement, the Non Exclusive license granted by Licensor to Licensee shall be for an initial period of 36 months, commencing from the acceptance date, (the "Initial Period").
This Agreement and the license granted under this Agreement shall remain in effect perpetually as long as fees are paid by Sparkling in accordance with the Fee Schedule and the Agreement is not otherwise terminated in accordance with this Section.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for an initial period of five years until terminated in the manner described in Clause 16 below.
In addition, DCL may terminate this Agreement with effect from the 3rd, 4th or 5th anniversary of the Commencement Date by giving not less than six months notice in writing to SEV
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Services Commencement Date and remain effective for ten (10) years (the "Initial Term") unless terminated in accordance with its terms.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in operation for at least a period of twenty-five (25) years (hereinafter called "Initial Period") after the RFCS Date and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
This Agreement shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of: (i) the date on which the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement equal $5,000,000; (ii) the Release Date (as defined in Section 19) or (iii) payment in full, in cash, of all Obligations and the termination of the Financing Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement is less than $5,000,000 and any payment, or any part thereof, on account of any of the Obligations is invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Agent or the Lenders upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or reorganization of any Borrower or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for any Borrower, or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Article 9.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date and year first above written and shall continue in operation for at least an initial period of twenty-five (25) years following the RFS Date (hereinafter referred to as "initial Period") and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
Subject to the provisions of this AGREEMENT, and with effect from the date when the party signing last in time appends its signature to this agreement ("the effective date"), and enduring in perpetuity unless terminated as provided for elsewhere in this AGREEMENT, SAP AFRICA grants, and TELKOM accepts a non-exclusive, non-transferable licence to USE the SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION and other SAP AFRICA PROPRIETARY INFORMATION at the specified DESIGNATED SITE within the TERRITORY.
The licence granted hereunder shall become effective upon execution of this AGREEMENT by both parties and shall endure indefinitely unless terminated under clause 6. 2.
Upon expiration of that 12 months, MMMW affords the Customer the opportunity of a continuation of support on an annual basis as follows: The Initial Term of this Technical Infrastructure Maintenance Agreement is twelve months, commencing on the Effective Date.
This Agreement commences on the date first above written, and will remain in effect for the period of five (5) years, except as otherwise provided herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 7, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, shall continue for the duration of the Lease, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3.
The initial period of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue until March 31, 2003.
This OMA shall expire upon the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the Effective Date and (ii) the date that all Shares of Stock of the Seller Trusts as set forth on Schedule A hereto have been sold (the "Term").
The Term will be 3 years from Effective Date with an automatic 2 year term extensions unless otherwise advised by one of the Parties.
This Agreement between HEMISPHERX and SCIEN shall be in effect beginning the last date of execution set forth on the signature page to the Agreement (the "Effective Date") to which this Quality Agreement is Exhibit 2 and remain in effect until HEMISPHERX and SCIEN terminate the Agreement or it is superseded by a revised Quality Agreement executed by both parties.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue unless and until terminated as provided herein.
Subject to Article 22.2, this Agreement shall remain in force for an Initial Period of 1 year, which may be renewed by mutual consent for such period as the Parties may agree ("Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement or for any of the following reasons:
This Agreement begins on the Effective Date and shall continue indefinitely unless sooner terminated as provided in this Article 5.
This Agreement shall terminate as to the Remarketing Agent and its obligations hereunder with respect to VRRM-MFP Shares upon the earliest to occur of (a) the effective date of the resignation or removal of such Remarketing Agent pursuant to Section 5(a) and Section 5(b), respectively, (b) the completion of a successful Transition Remarketing on a New Mode Commencement Date in connection with transition to a new Mode, or (c) the date on which no VRRM-MFP Shares are Outstanding.
In addition, the<omitted>obligations of the Remarketing Agents may be terminated by them by notice given to the Company prior to 12:00 noon, New York City time on the Remarketing Settlement Date if, prior to that time, any of the applicable conditions precedent to the obligations of the Remarketing Agents described in Section 5 hereof shall have failed to occur.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to earlier termination in accordance with the provisions of Section 16, shall continue in force for a period being the longer of fifteen (15) years from first Commercial Launch of the Product in the Territory or until the expiration of the last valid claim in the PPI Patents covering the Product in any country of the Territory (the "Initial Term").
In addition, the obligations of the Remarketing Agent hereunder may be terminated by it by notice given to the Company prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date immediately preceding the Commencement Date if, prior to that time, any of the events described in Sections 6(i), (j) or (k) shall have occurred.
This Agreement shall terminate (i) the Business Day immediately following the Remarketing Settlement Date, (ii) at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the last date of the Remarketing if the Remarketing is not successful or (iii) on the effective date of the resignation or removal of the Remarketing Agent and the appointment of a new Remarketing Agent.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Agreement or extended by mutual agreement between the parties, shall continue in effect for thirty six (36) months following the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall be effective on the later of the dates that it is executed by Imprimis and Surgical (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate pursuant to the terms of the SOW (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided in this Agreement, the initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period beginning on the Effective Date and ending ten (10) years thereafter unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall be five years commencing on the Effective Date and ending at the close of business on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement shall commence with the first race ----- of the 1998 Winston Cup season and shall continue until the final race of the year-2000 Winston Cup season.
The term of this Agreement will begin on December 15, 1997 and will end the later of (i) December 15, 1999 or (ii) Excite's delivery of all of the guaranteed Click-throughs described in Section 1(f).
This Agreement shall terminate and, subject to the provisions set forth below, be of no further force or effect on the exercise by the Sponsor of its right to terminate this Agreement as provided in subsection 6.2, provided that, in any event, sections 3, 7 and 8 and, in the event that such termination occurs by virtue of paragraph 6.2(b), subsection 2.5 shall not terminate (except as set forth therein) and shall continue in full force and effect for the benefit of the Sponsor or the other parties to this Agreement, as the case may be.
The term (the "Term") shall commence on November 1, 2007 and end on October 31, 2008 (unless terminated earlier in accordance with the General Provisions).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force and effect until one (1) year subsequent to the Effective Date, provided however, that Tickets may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon thirty (30) days' notice to MP3. com at any time prior to the expiration of sixty (60) days subsequent to the Effective Date.
This term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and terminates on August 2nd, 2015 upon completion of event.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for six (6) months.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue in effect for a period of five (5) years (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions set out herein.
This Agreement shall continue in force for a term of twelve (12) months from the Effective Date, unless terminated earlier under the provisions of this Article 8 (the "Term"); PROVIDED that TouchStar shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time after the Effective Date upon not less than fifteen (15) days' prior written notice to Reseller.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for an Initial Term of five (5) years, and will automatically renew for additional periods of five (5) years unless one Party notifies the other of its intention not to renew, no less than 12 months prior to the expiration of the then-current term, unless terminated as permitted under this Agreement.
This Agreement comes into force as of the Effective Date and shall remain valid during the term of the LSA.
This Supply Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue for a period of [***] unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Supply Agreement.
Unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.2 below, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a FIVE (5) year period.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of its execution and shall remain in force for three years (the "Initial Term").
The term of this Supply Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date first set forth above and shall remain in effect until the later of (a) July 31, 2021 or (b) the date that the Parties enter into the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement and Sutro is supplying to SutroVax each Product under the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement (the "Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with Section 10.2.
The term of this Agreement will commence upon the Effective Date and will continue until the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated or extended under this Article 8 (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of the Services, unless terminated as set out herein, shall continue up to and including 28 February 2000 ("the Initial Term").
This Development Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and continue for four (4) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 10.2, or unless the parties extend the term by mutual written Development Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement will be in effect for one year from the Effective Date and will automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods unless terminated as provided below.
This Agreement shall be effective through and including March 31, 2004.
This Agreement shall be effective until the earlier of (a) its termination in accordance with the provisions of this Article 14 or (b) the date that is two (2) years after the date of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement will renew automatically for successive terms of one (1) year each unless a party to this Agreement delivers written notice of termination to the other party to this Agreement at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the original or any renewal term or the parties to this Agreement do not agree in writing to the Quota Amount referred to in subsection 14.2(b)(1) for any one (1) year renewal term at least sixty (60) days prior to the commencement of such term.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on January 1, 2000 and continue for an initial period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 7 hereof, and may be renewed under Section 8 hereof (the initial period plus any renewal period, the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This agreement shall begin upon the date of its execution by MA and acceptance in writing by Company and shall remain in effect until the end of the current calendar year and shall be automatically renewed for successive one (1) year periods unless otherwise terminated according to the cancellation or termination provisions contained in paragraph 18 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall terminate on June 30, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement commences as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to any express provision of this Agreement, shall continue until five (5) years following the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b) [Term and Termination].
The term of this Agreement shall be effective as of the date first stated above and shall continue for a term of three (3) years, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement (the "Term"); provided, however, that PrimeCall may elect to terminate this Agreement, upon thirty (30) days' written notice, at any time from and after the time that collectively RSL Communications, Ltd. and/or its Affiliates holds less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of DeltaThree's outstanding shares.
This Agreement will become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated pursuant to Sections 3.1<omitted>, shall remain effective for two (2) years from and after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This agreement shall commence as of date first above written, and shall Continue through December 31, 2004 ("the Term").
The Term shall commence on July 23, 2013 and shall expire on July 22, 2016, unless otherwise terminated earlier pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall have an Initial Term of three (3) years.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for a period of five years following the initial date of execution of the Memorandum, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 6.2 or Section 2.8 ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall begin as of the Effective Date and continue until Acceptance of all Deliverables for Milestones #1 and #2 pursuant to Section 3.4 and completion of Milestone #3, unless earlier terminated under Section 8.2, as provided for under the Other Agreements, or as mutually agreed by the Parties.
The term of this Agreement shall automatically become effective upon the occurrence of (i) ETON executing a commercial supply agreement with a contract manufacturing organization within forty-five (45) days of the Execution Date, provided that ETON has exercised best efforts to execute such agreement and the failure to execute is solely caused by the refusal or inability of the proposed manufacturing organization to sign a reasonable agreement; and (ii) acceptance for review of the Dossier or marketing application for [ * * * ] by the FDA no later than September 2, 2019 (such date, the "Effective Date") and shall end upon the termination or expiration of the Agreement as set forth in Section 11 (the "Term").
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Article, this Agreement will continue in full force beginning on the Effective Date and ending two (2) years thereafter ("Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the longer of the first anniversary of the Effective Date or the duration of the Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement (the "Term").
This agreement begins on the Commencement Date and, subject to clause 11.2, shall continue for an initial term of one (1) years (Initial Term) and indefinitely after that until terminated by either party giving at least twelve (12) months' prior written notice to expire on or after the expiry date of the initial term.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date first written above and shall continue in effect for a period of Three (3) years.
This Agreement shall become effective upon the date first written above and shall remain in full force and effect for a period of two years (2), unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions in this Agreement.
Unless terminated earlier as provided in this agreement, this Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms hereo
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and automatically renewing annually thereafter, unless either party provides a thirty-day notice of written termination one to the other ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of four (4) years, commencing on the Effective Date, which term may be extended for up to three (3) years by written agreement of both Parties prior to the expiration date of the initial term or any extension thereof (collectively, the "Term").
The term of the Franchise shall be twenty (20) years, commencing on January 1, 2016.
The term of this Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue until terminated as hereinafter provided (the "Term").
Terms of the project: 12 weeks from February 8, 2018 to May 3, 2018
This Agreement shall come into force on the Date of the Agreement, and shall, subject to article 18, remain in full force and effect for an initial period of *** from the Commercial Launch Date.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for one (I) year, unless earlier terminated as expressly provided in Sections 1.3. 10.1. or 10.2 of this Agreement (the *Initial Term")
This Agreement will remain in effect for Thirty-six (36)<omitted>months following the Hosting Service Ready Date ("Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Article XVI, this IP Agreement and the licenses granted herein will continue in effect from the Effective Date until the expiration of the last to expire of the Patents and any additional period of time thereafter that any of the Patents remain enforceable such as in the United States where a party can sue for infringement after a patent expires and seek damages for any infringement of the patent during the six years immediately preceding the filing of a suit for infringement.
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate on December 31, 2034 (such period, including as may be extended in accordance with the subsequent sentence, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article 11, shall expire on the last day of the Royalty Term.
This term of this Agreement shall commence on the EFFECTIVE DATE and shall continue, in each country, until the date of expiration of the last to expire patent within PATENT RIGHT(S) in that country.
The "Term" of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration or earlier termination of the last Addendum to expire or be terminated, at which time this Agreement will expire, unless this Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") (a) shall commence on the first day of the Warranty Period for the first Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation and (b) shall, unless terminated earlier under Section 4.1 of this Agreement or unless extended by mutual agreement of the Parties, terminate on the date that is the last day of the Warranty Period for the last Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation.
Subject to all other terms and conditions set forth herein, as of the date of this agreement, LEADER maintain the software for an additional five years.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of year as of the Effective Date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated, shall continue in full force and effect for a period of [***] years thereafter.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect for an initial term of **** from the Supply Commencement Date of the Product ("Initial Term").
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Facility Addendum, this Agreement (a) shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of four (4) years from such date (the "Initial Term" of this Agreement), unless sooner terminated pursuant to Section 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 or 7.7, and (b) may be extended for up to three (3) additional periods of twelve (12) months (each, an "Extension Period") by written notice given by Customer to Manufacturer not less than twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Extension Period, as the case may be.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the 60th day following a written notice from one party to the other of its decision to terminate this Agreement at the end of such 60-day period or upon termination of the applicable Distribution Agreement with respect to a Fund.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on the date hereof (the "Commencement Date"), and will continue until the earlier of (i) December 31, 2022, (ii) the termination or expiration of the Studio Lease (defined below), (iii) election to terminate and notice thereof given by Programmer to Licensee, and (iv) mutual written consent of Licensee and Programmer (the "Term"), unless extended or earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11 hereof.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a period of five (5) years from the Reseller's first purchase order for Product issued to Todos (the "Initial Term"), unless terminated earlier by one of the parties in accordance with the terms of this Section 11.
The term of this JSMA shall commence on May 1, 2020 (the "Commencement Date") and ends at April 30, 2029 (the "Term"), with automatic renewals each for a period of five (5) years (a "Renewal Term") unless notice is given pursuant to 5.2.
Unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of Section ​12, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until July 31, 2019 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid until the [* * *] (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue to be in full force and effect for so long as Photronics and DNP, or any of their Affiliates, each remains a Shareholder of the Company.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect through December 31, 2021 and any Renewal Term (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier as set forth herein.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 12, shall extend until the four (4) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on September 10, 2015 and shall continue for One (1) Year (the "Term").
This Agreement becomes effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 11, shall continue until the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect for an initial period of 1 year ("Initial Term").
This term of this Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereto shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in perpetuity (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions contained herein.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of twelve (12) full calendar months ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term"), unless mutually extended by written agreement of the Parties or unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall commence effective as of the date hereof and shall expire on December 31, 2028.
This Agreement shall continue until January 18, 2022, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods ending on January 18th of each year, provided such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (a) the Fund's Board of Trustees and (b) a vote of a majority (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund's Trustees who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of the Plan, in this Agreement, or any agreement related to the Plan (the "Qualified Trustees"), by vote cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting on such approval.
With respect to each of the Services, the term thereof will be for a period commencing as of the date hereof, unless a different date is specified as the commencement date for any applicable Service on Exhibit A or Exhibit B (either, a "Commencement Date"), and shall continue until 12 months following the Commencement Date unless (i) such other date as is specified as the termination date for any applicable Service in this Agreement or on Exhibit A or Exhibit B, as applicable (the "Term") or (ii) earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement (a "Termination Date").
Cellco's appointment as custodian is effective as of the Initial Cutoff Date and will continue until the later of (i) the date on which all obligations of the Issuer have been paid in full and (ii) the date on which such appointment is terminated under this Section 3.10(f).
This Agreement will terminate on the earlier to occur of (a) the date upon which the last remaining Receivable is paid in full, settled, sold or written off and any amounts received are applied and (b) the Issuer is terminated under Section 8.1 of the Trust Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence as of April 1, 2018 (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon the later of: (a) the conclusion of the 2022/23 NFL season and (b) the last day in February, 2023 (such expiration date, the "Scheduled Expiration Date"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be valid for five (5) years from February 1, 2019 through January 31, 2024 unless this Agreement is terminated earlier pursuant to Section 14 (the "Term").
The term of this agreement will begin on April 1, 2018 and continue until April 30, 2018 at 11:59pm.
This agreement is for a term of ten (10) years.
This Agreement shall commence on March 15, 2018 and will expire on March 14, 2020 unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 13 of the Agreement (the "Term")
The Contract is valid for 5 years, beginning from and ended on .
The "Term" of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will end on the earlier of: (a) the first anniversary of the expiration date of the last Purchase Schedule (as defined in this next Section); (b) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party any time after the expiration of the last Purchase Schedule; or (c) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party as provided in Subsection 11(d) of this Agreement.
Termination Date: December 31, 2023
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the time periods set forth in Schedules 1 and 2 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and continues in perpetuity, unless termination occurs pursuant to Sections 4.2 through 4.4.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
The license granted to the Licensee under this Agreement shall continue perpetually
This Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
TERM: November 01, 2014 to October 31, 2017
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
Period of transportation services: this Agreement is valid for an indefinite term.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and unless earlier terminated as provided elsewhere in this Agreement, will end automatically upon the end of Year 3.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for one (1) year following the Launch Date, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
The Term shall commence on the date of this Agreement and, unless earlier terminated or extended as provided below, shall end as of December 31, 2000.
The term of this Agreement shall be for a period of two (2) years (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall end fifteen months therefrom.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon delivery of [**] to ebix, but in no way shall this Agreement extend any later than thirty (30) months from the Effective Date regardless of the number Filled Application Forms delivered to ebix. About will make commercially reasonable efforts to achieve that number in twelve (12) months or less from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end three (3) years from the date the Co-Branded Application becomes accessible to Excite@Home Members ("Launch Date").
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the date above, and shall continue for a term of one (1) year
Term shall mean the Effective Date through June 15, 2001 and any Renewal Term (as defined in paragraph 7.4 herein.)
INITIAL TERM shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the second anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11.
Initial Term shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the fourth anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8
This Agreement shall be effective upon the ------------------- Effective Date and shall remain in force for a period of one (1) year, and shall be automatically renewed for successive periods of one (1) year unless otherwise terminated as provided herein.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in force for three years from the Launch Date (the "Initial Term") unless earlier
"Launch Date" means the first date on which the Service is made publicly available.<omitted>This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date and will continue in effect for 2 years following the Launch Date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall ----------------------- commence on the Effective Date and end on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the date that the Affiliate Registration Form is approved by Chase and will end when terminated by either party.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of five (5) years from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term") after which this Agreement may be extended on mutual agreement of the parties (a "Renewal Term," and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
This Agreement will remain in force for perpetuity or until and unless otherwise mutually agreed or amended in writing by both parties.
The term of this Agreement will begin upon acceptance of Affiliate's Program application and will end when terminated by either party of this Agreement.
This Agreement is entered into for an unlimited period of time.
This Agreement shall be for the term of one year; thereafter, the Agreement shall renew automatically under these same terms and agreements unless superceded by future agreements.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until either Party informs the other Party with thirty (30) day prior written notice of termination of this Agreement.
The "Initial Term" shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire on March 31, 2011.
The term ("Term") of this Agreement shall be for one hundred eighty days (180) from the date set forth below unless Network 1 or Visa or MasterCard or Harris Bank doesn't approve Affiliate's ISO application, in which case, the Term will be 3 years.
Unless sooner terminated under the provisions hereof, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of one (1) year ("Term"). provided however, that the Parties may extend the Term for an additional year period by entering into an written addendum of the Agreement extending such term.
"CONTRACT PERIOD" means that period of time commencing upon the full execution of this Agreement by both Parties and terminating on May 31, 2016 unless sooner terminated under this Agreement.
All terms of this Agreement will automatically commence on November 1st, 2017, and expire on November 2nd, 2020.
"Term" means: 1.5t January 2013 to 315t December 2013 or until terminated under the provisions of this Agreement or the Primary Agreement.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time from February 21, 2011 through December 31, 2012.
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and ending on February 19, 2013 ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for two years from the date hereof, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (A) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund and (B) the vote of a majority of the Fund's directors who are not parties to this Agreement or "interested persons" (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Fund Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the Investment Fund Act.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this ARTICLE 13, shall remain in effect on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the expiration of the Royalty Term applicable to such Product and country (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect until the expiration of the Sublicense Agreement, unless earlier termination by pursuant to the terms of this Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4 of this Agreement, will continue until the expiration of the Warranty Period as defined in subsection 9(a) of this Agreement.
Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, the Parties' respective rights and obligations under this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force for ten (10) years after the First Commercial Sale of the first Licensed Product, and shall thereafter automatically renew for an unlimited period of time unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Section 15.2.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein, unless earlier terminated by either party, this Agreement shall expire on ______, 20___, and all rights of Developer herein shall cease and all unapplied or unused Development Fees paid pursuant to Section 3 hereof shall be forfeited to Franchisor.
Unless terminated pursuant to Section 10 or 11 below, it shall expire upon the earlier of the date specified in Exhibit "B" or upon the opening of the last El Pollo Loco® Restaurant listed in the Development Schedule.
Dr. Murray's obligations set out herein shall be performed from the Effective Date until December 31, 2018 (the initial "Services Term").
Except as otherwise stated herein as pertaining only to a Services Term, this Agreement shall remain in effect for ten years, unless terminated in accordance with Sections 6.1 (a) or 6.2(b).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance herewith, shall continue in force and effect until (a) the date of expiration of the last Royalty Term for the last Licensed Product, or (b) the expiration of the License Option Period and the failure of AbbVie to exercise the License Option (such period, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") will begin on the date this Agreement is signed by the last signatory ("Effective Date") and remain in effect for [***]; provided, however, that the terms of this Agreement shall remain applicable to any SOW that was executed by the Parties prior to the expiration or termination of this Agreement but whose period of performance extends beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue thereafter for a period of twelve (12) months (the "Initial Term").
The Term shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of five (5) years.
The term "Term" shall mean an initial term of five years, automatically renewable thereafter for successive 5-year terms unless either party provides prior written notice of termination not less than 90 days prior to the end of such five-year term; provided, however, T&B shall have the right to terminate the license after the first year of the Term if LEA does not conduct the Business so as to meet the Cash Sales benchmarks set by the parties for years two through five of the Term, as set forth in Section 3.3, below.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless the Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will come into effect on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force for ten (10) years from the Launch (the "Initial Term"), or the date of expiry of the last valid patent of the Licensed Product, whichever comes later, subject to clauses 19.2, 19.3, 19.4 and 19.5 hereunder
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will commence on the Effective Date and will expire upon the earliest of (i) termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 14.2, or (ii) the date of payment of the last Approval Payment due based on all applicable Regulatory Approvals which have been received.
The term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article XII, shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration of Sanofi's payment obligations under Article IX or the Profit/Loss Share Agreement, whichever is later (the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 14 hereof (the "Term").
This Agreement commences on the date it is executed and shall continue until full performance by both parties, or until earlier terminated by one party under the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will be for the maximum period of six (6) months beginning for the commencement date, renewable in accordance with the terms hereof, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.
This Agreement will be in effect for three (3) years from the Effective Date ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Unless otherwise stated in the Appendix the term of this letter Agreement shall continue for twenty-four (24) months with the effective date unless terminated sooner or extended pursuant to the terms hereof ("Initial Term")
Contract end: 04-01-08
The initial term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and end twelve (12) months after the Launch (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b).
This Agreement and the provisions hereof, except as otherwise provided, shall be in full force and effect commencing on the date of execution by both Parties and shall extend for an initial term of two (2) years.
This Agreement will become effective as of the last date of signature (Effective Date) and shall, unless sooner terminated as provided below or as otherwise agreed, remain effective for an initial term of 10 Years following the first date of public availability of the PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Content within a THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION Property (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the date on which it is signed and affixed with the corporate seals by the authorized representative of each Party and have a term of five (5) years commencing as of the effective date hereof.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, except as set forth in Subsection (ii), continue in full force and effect through the Delivery Period.
This agreement will be in effect until the end of 2006 and will be evaluated at that time.
This Agreement shall take effect from the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect for twenty (20) years thereafter, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Clause 8.
Expiration Date: August 31, 2006
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on the Expiration Date set forth above (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 3(b).
The Term of the Agreement is hereby extended to January 20, 2012 unless sooner terminated as provided for in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be in effect until March 18. 2021, unless sooner terminated by either party upon (30) days written notice, without cause.
This contract shall remain in effect initially for the five (5) year term ("Initial Term") from the date signed and shall be automatically extended for one (1) year periods after the Initial Term ("Renewal Term") unless (i) either party provides written notice of its intention not to renew the Agreement within 180 days prior to any Renewal Term; or (ii) this Agreement is otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms of this Section 12.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate in _____________, on _____________, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement may be renewed for successive one (1) year periods if STAAR and Distributor expressly agree in writing and in their sole discretion to renew this Agreement prior to the foregoing termination date or any successive renewal term.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until September 1, 2045, unless earlier terminated by either Party pursuant to this Article 12 (the "Term").
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, all rights and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect for a period of eighteen (18) months after the initial theatrical release of that Property.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, including Robots, Kingdom of Heaven, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, In Her Shoes, Idiocracy (Oww My Balls) and Ice Age II, all right and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect until March 31, 2008."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Term") is the Effective Date through March 15, 2022.
This Agreement expires ten (10) years from the Agreement Date (the "Term"), unless it is terminated sooner as provided in other sections of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided under this Agreement, shall terminate five (5) years following the date of launch of the first Website, but in no event later than February 28, 2013 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue thereafter for a period of two (2) years, unless extended by written agreement of both parties or sooner terminated as set forth below.
This Agreement and the license granted herein shall remain effective until terminated.
Unless otherwise provided herein, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue through the completion or termination of Developer's services and work product as mutually agreed upon between the Parties (the Project).
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Commencement Date and will continue through December 31, 2022 or until this Agreement is otherwise terminated in accordance with its provisions ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate automatically without notice on December 31, 2022, unless the Parties agree in writing to extend the term of the Agreement (the initial term and any renewal terms are referred to collectively herein as the "Term").
This Second Amendment shall be effective from The Second Amendment Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2021.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue for a period of three (3) years therefrom (the "Term").
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue until termination as provided below.
This Agreement is for a term (the "Term") of 12 months from the Effective Date on June 1s t 2020 and expiring May 31st 2021.
This Agreement shall be in full force and effect commencing on January 2, 2020 and shall remain in effect for one (1) year or until Consultant completes the services requested
The term of this Agreement shall commence on January 10th, 2019 and shall expire on the day that is twenty-four (24) months from that date (the "Term of Engagement") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Term: twelve (12) months from the date of the Agreement which term shall automatically renew for an additional twelve (12) months on such date if the Agreement is not otherwise terminated according to Section 8 of the Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be the sooner of six (6) months from the Effective Date, or replacement of this Agreement with a subsequent agreement between the Parties.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the four-year anniversary of the Effective Date (such period, as it may be extended, either by the mutual written agreement of the parties or automatically, or earlier terminated being referred to as the "Consultation Period"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4, and shall automatically renew for successive one-year periods, unless the Company provides 90 days' notice of termination before any such successive period.
The term of this Agreement is for a period of five (5) years (the "Term") commencing on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the termination provisions of this Agreement, ending on January 31, 2025.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall expire twenty (20) years from the effective date of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
The term of this Agreement for the Hosted Site shall commence upon April 1, 1999 and shall continue for a period of six (6) months, unless earlier terminated in accordance with provisions hereof.
This Agreement shall continue in effect from the Effective Date for a one (1) year period, unless earlier terminated as set forth below, and thereafter shall renew automatically for successive one (1) year periods unless either party gives the other party at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of its intent not to renew the Agreement.
The effective term is 12 months beginning March 1, 2005 and ending February 28, 2006.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a period of 12 months thereafter (the "Period") in full force and effect until it is terminated in accordance with this Section 3.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated under this Article, shall continue in effect until the Conversion Date (the "Term"); provided that, with respect to any LMG Tools identified in Exhibit A as having a license term beyond the Conversion Date, TAG's License to, and LMG's obligation to provide LMG Services for, such LMG Tools shall survive for the period specified in Exhibit A.
The term of this Agreement is for ten (10) years commencing on the date of this Agreement, unless terminated as provided by this Agreement.
The obligations of the Agent pursuant to this Agreement shall terminate upon termination of the Offering, but in no event later than 45 days after the completion of the Subscription Offering (the "End Date").
The initial term of this Agreement is one (1) year from the date of delivery of the Product to Licensee unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
1 April 2009
The maintenance is for a period of one (1) year commencing upon expiration of the initial one (1) year term of the License/Services Schedule.
XIMAGE's obligations hereunder shall become effective upon the "Effective Date" and, unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall remain in full force and effect for at least one year thereafter.
This Agreement be deemed effective as of the Effective Date, Agreement and shall terminate on December 31, 2020, unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 3.2.
This Agreement shall continue in force until the earlier to occur of (i) the Owner no longer owns any Receivables or Participation Interests, and (ii) subject to Section 7(d), the delivery of written notice of termination by the Owner to the Servicer pursuant to Section 7(c), in each case upon which event this Agreement shall automatically terminate unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Servicer and the Owner.
Agent's appointment hereunder shall commence on the next business day after the later of (i) the date hereof, or (ii) the date Agent has confirmed that Client's records have been converted to Agent's system (the "Effective Date"), and shall continue for three years thereafter (the "Initial Term").
In relation to each Fund, this Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (a) the expiration of the term of such Fund or (b) the date, if any, on which Oaktree US (or any affiliate it has substituted in its stead in accordance with such Fund's Fund Agreement) is removed as general partner of such Fund or (c) the Sub-Advisor ceasing to be authorised and regulated by the FCA.
This Agreement shall take effect on the date of signature of the Agreement by both parties and shall terminate when all obligations required of both parties hereunder are performed unless either terminated earlier or extended by the parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement subject to clause 4.0.
At any time that there is no uncompleted Statement of Work outstanding, either party may terminate this Agreement for any or no reason upon fifteen (15) days advance notice to the other.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof and shall continue until terminated by either party pursuant to Paragraph 6 hereof.
The term of this Services Agreement shall begin on the date of execution and shall continue in effect for a period of two years.
Subject to the provisions for termination hereinafter provided, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a minimum period of 12 months (the "Minimum Period") and thereafter upon the mutual agreement of the Company and Maimon (the "Service Term").
This Agreement shall terminate (a) at the option of any party, upon 90 days' advance written notice to the other parties hereto; or (b) in the event of a material breach that has not been cured within ten days following a written notice of breach to the breaching party.
This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by the Parties.
The Appointment may be terminated by either party giving the other at least 12 months' notice in writing.
Your employment shall commence on 26 September 2019 and shall continue unless and until either party gives notice to the other in accordance with paragraph 11 below.
This Agreement shall terminate immediately and automatically upon the termination of Company's Participation Agreement(s) with the Funds, and in such event no notice need be given hereunder.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
"Service Period" means April. 1st 2019 through to March 30, 2020<omitted>The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
Subject to earlier termination as provided below, this Service Agreement is for the total duration of the Company's Offering (the "Initial Term") unless either party requests termination at least 30 days prior to the end of the then-current term.
The Executive's employment with the Company will commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue, subject to the remaining terms of this Agreement, until terminated by either party giving the other the following minimum advance written notice: 2.1.1 6 weeks' notice; 2.1.2 such other longer period as required by law.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the day and year first above written and shall govern the relations between the parties hereto thereafter, unless terminated as set forth in this Section 6.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year, commencing January 1, 2008 and ending on December 31, 2008.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate at the end of the Exclusivity Period (i.e., a three (3) year period commencing on the Effective Date).
Subject to the provisions of Section 14 hereof, the term of this Agreement and the sponsorship described herein shall commence on January 1, 2010 and extend through December 31, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be four (4) Processing Years commencing on the Effective Date of this Agreement and ending on June 30, 2010 unless
This Agreement shall automatically terminate at and as of (the first to occur of): (a) 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on the 30th day after the Effective Date (if Purchaser has not commenced the Offer, with the unanimous consent of the Sponsors, by then); (b) the expiration of the Offer (if the Offer is not consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), subject to any extension or subsequent offering period; and (c) the expiration of the Interim Period (if the Offer is consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), in any case, unless sooner terminated by unanimous written consent of the Participating Sponsors; provided, however, that any liability for failure to comply with this Agreement shall survive any such termination.
Unless otherwise terminated as specified in this Section 12, the ---- term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and will not end until the later of (a) twelve (12) months from the Launch Date; or (2) the date Intuit displays a total of 176,717,916 Impressions in accordance with the terms set forth herein ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the "Effective Date" and shall continue for ten (10) Contract Years, unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 6 of this Agreement or extended by renewal by written agreement of the Parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 13(o) of this Agreement (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided for herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence as of the date hereof and shall terminate at the end of the Season which is scheduled to end on October 12, 2002 (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and conclude on October 31, 2010, unless renewed by agreement or sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
If the Launch Date has not occurred by August 31, 1999, Sponsor shall, in its sole discretion, be entitled to terminate this Agreement without any liability and receive a full refund of all amounts paid by Sponsor to drkoop.com pursuant to this Agreement prior to the date of such termination.
The initial term (the "Initial Term"; and together with all extensions and renewals, the "Term") will begin on the date set forth above * * * (the "Launch Date") on which: (i) each of the Sponsor Areas of the drkoop.com Website are operational in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (other than the e-commerce tile placements); and (ii) the links to the<omitted>Sponsor Website or Vitamin Buzz contained in the Sponsor logos or the Sponsor banner advertisements are established in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, subject to earlier termination as set forth in this Agreement.
In the event that Excite has not delivered XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX clickthroughs to the Client Site by the end of twelve (12) months after the Launch Date, the first year of the term of the Agreement will be extended without additional sponsorship and advertising fees for up to an additional four (4) months.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not end until Excite displays of a total of XXXXXXXXXXXXX impressions of Client's advertising banners and promotional placements on the Excite Site and Excite has made reasonable commercial efforts to deliver, at minimum, a goal of XXXXXXXX clickthroughs to the Client Site.
Regardless of Excite's actual delivery of impressions and clickthroughs, the term of this Agreement will not be shorter than two (2) years after the display of the first of Client's advertising banners and promotional placements, subject to the termination rights set forth below.
The initial production period shall be for a period of two (2) months to commence on November 4, 1998 (the "Production Period"), and the remaining term of this Agreement shall be for a period of twenty four (24) months to commence on the tentative launch date of January 4, 1999, unless terminated earlier as provided herein (the "Promotion Period"), (The Production Period and the Promotion Period shall be collectively referred to as the "Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and, unless terminated as provided herein, shall continue through November 30, 1998.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on July 19, 1999 and shall ---- thereafter continue until all above described Sponsor benefits are completed, but in no event beyond the end of the 1999 season (the "Term").
If Hydron does not timely exercise its right to terminate this Agreement, then Hydron agrees that this Agreement shall continue for the entire four (4) year term unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end on the second (2nd) anniversary of the Commencement Date.
Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall take effect on December 1st, 2015 and shall expire on November 30, 2016.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the specific terms of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not end until Excite displays a total of [*****] impressions of the Client advertising banners and promotional placements on the Excite Network as described in this Agreement and pushes [*****] emails using the email vehicles specified in Exhibit B
The services described herein to be provided by Agency shall begin upon execution and delivery of the Outsourcing Agreement and shall continue until termination of Contractor's activities to administer the Notes thereunder.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the date first set forth above, and shall continue in full force and effect until terminated as provided below.
The initial term ("Initial Term") of this Agreement shall be for one year commencing on the 1st day of May, 2006 ("Effective Date").
This agreement shall commence on January 20, 2014 (the "Effective Date") and shall continue in effect for six (6) months (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of the contracted agreement is 5 years from the commencement date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and extend for three (3) years thereafter ("INITIAL TERM"), with an automatic renewal for an indefinite period of time ("EXTENDED TERM"), unless terminated by the parties according to Sections 16.2. or 16.3. herein.
The term of this Agreement will commence on January 1, 1998 (the "Effective Date") and will end on December 31, 1998.
"Term" shall mean the period commencing on the Effective Date and terminating on the eighth anniversary of the Commencement Date, unless the Agreement is extended in accordance with its provisions.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on November 30, 2014 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall be valid for an indefinite period.
This Attachment and its Product Attachments shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in Section 5.0 of the Base Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in Section 5.0.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms hereof, the term of this Agreement shall end on the seventh anniversary of the date hereof.
This Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement will be for two (2) year(s) commencing on the Effective Date.
This Agreement is effective as of August 1, 2004, (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate on July 31, 2009, (the "Termination Date") unless earlier terminated or extended as provided for herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date unless sooner terminated pursuant to the termination provisions herein.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of 1 year after the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated as set forth herein (the "TERM").
This Amendment shall enter into force on the date of its signature by both Parties and, unless otherwise agreed upon in writing by the Parties through a subsequent amendment to the GMA, shall remain in force for the term of the referenced GMA.
The Agreement shall end on the End Date without any further action, unless otherwise provided under this Agreement.
"End Date" means the date on which this Agreement is terminated or expires, and shall be the earlier to occur of the following, as appropriate: (i) the end of the Initial Term as defined in Clause 3.1of this Agreement; or, (ii) the end of the term of each annual renewal of this Agreement as per Clause 3.2 of this Agreement; or, (iii) the date on which all or part of this Agreement is terminated as per Clause 16 ("Termination");
The Agreement enters into force on the Signing Date; it will have a duration of [*****] as from the Start Date (the "Initial Term").
The first paid (Initial) Maintenance Term shall commence upon expiration of the Warranty Period and shall continue for twelve (12) months thereafter.
This Agreement shall apply and remain in effect from the Effective Date and perpetually thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the Section entitled "Termination."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the date that payment is due for Minimum Payment Period 7, pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof and as set forth in Attachment B hereof, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
This Agreement shall come into force on the Effective Date and shall remain in force and effect for a period of [Redacted - Commercially Sensitive - Term Details] , unless this Agreement is extended or previously terminated in accordance with this clause 12, pursuant to clause 15.1 (Force Majeure), or (ii) by the mutual written consent of the Parties (the "Term").
The Agreement shall have an initial term of ten (10) years commencing from the Effective Date and ending on the tenth (10th) anniversary thereof (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of Section 15.2 or Section 15.3.
The "Term" shall begin on the date hereof and shall expire December 31, 2023, subject to early termination pursuant to the terms of Section 19. Flotek, may, by written notice given to FCC on or before September 30, 2023, elect for the Term to be extended to December 31, 2024.
TERM OF EXECUTION From January 30, 2012 until July 29, 2012
Subject to the General Terms and Conditions of Transporter's FERC Gas Tariff and Rate Schedule FTS/ITS, this Agreement shall be effective as of the date of physical completion of and initial deliveries on Transporter's pipeline and shall continue for a primary term of ten years.
This Agreement shall be effective from the date first above written and shall continue indefinitely until terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
The Agreement shall continue through the project's in-service date and for a period of fifteen (15) years after the project's in-service date ("Initial Term").
"Initial Term" means the period commencing on the Effective Date and concluding on the last day of the month in which the fifth anniversary of the Offtake Agreement Effective Date falls.
"Offtake Agreement" means that certain Crude Oil Sale and Purchase Agreement between the Principal and STASCO dated 1 November 1999.
This contract shall be effective as of November 1, 2002, and shall remain in force and effect, unless modified as per Exhibit B, until October 31, 2012.
"Royalty Term" means, with respect to sales of a Product in the Territory, the time period beginning on the First Commercial Sale of such Product in the Territory and expiring on the latest of the following dates: (a) *** (b) *** (c) ***<omitted>Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall continue in effect until the expiration of the Royalty Term as defined in Section 1.87 ("Term"), and thereafter Green Cross has no remaining payment obligations with respect to the Products pursuant to Section 8.5 above and MacroGenics shall have no further obligations hereunder.
The term of the agreement is 20 years, during which if any main equipment of any Party stops operation due to technical problem or at the end of its life cycle, the agreement shall be automatically terminated.
This Agreement shall come into force as of January 1, 2013 and remain valid for 1 year.
As of the effective date hereof, the original cooperation of mobile game business executed between the Parties shall terminate automatically.
Party A and Party B agree and confirm that the term of cooperation under this Agreement shall commence from the execution date hereof and end on the expiration date of the operation term of Party B ("Term of Cooperation").
Unless this Agreement is early terminated in accordance with this Agreement or other agreements signed by the Parties hereof, the term of the validity of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date.
"Intended End of Term" means the later of (a) the seventh (7th) anniversary of the Effective Date and (b) the date determined to be the "Intended End of Term" under Section 7.2.2(d) (Effects of Tolling).<omitted>This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms, including by Ginkgo pursuant to Section 7.3 (Buy-Down Election) or extended by the mutual written agreement of the Parties, shall continue until the Intended End of Term (such time period, as may be extended pursuant to this Section 13.3.1 (Term - General), the "Term"); provided that, if,<omitted>at the expiration of the Intended End of Term, Ginkgo has paid the Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitment, but will not have paid to BLI the Full Purchase Target, then the Term of this Agreement shall automatically extend for an additional [***] ([***]) year period from the date of the expiration of the then-Intended End of Term so that, among other things, BLI may potentially receive the benefit of the Full Purchase Target and Ginkgo may receive the continuing benefit of royalty-free licenses.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial term of three (3) years from the Promotion Commencement Date, divided into three one-year periods.
Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall commence effective June 1, 1998, and shall continue for a term of three (3) years expiring May 31, 2001 (the "Term").
"Term" means the earlier of: (a) the end of the two year period from the Effective Date to 31 July 2013; or (b) the last day of the calendar month within which the Maximum Distribution Commitment is reached.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as set out in this Agreement, shall continue for the Term.
This promotion shall begin on June 1,1999 and shall terminate June 1, 2000 (herein "Term")
The Joint Venture shall commence on the 1st of March, 2003, and shall be effective until February 28, 2004 unless extended by written agreement of the Joint Venturers not less than thirty (30) days prior to scheduled termination.
Except as otherwise provided herein, the term of this Agreement is three (3) years from the Execution Date ("Cooperation Period").
The term of this Agreement is twelve (12) months from the date hereof, and will be automatically renewed for one (1) additional twelve month period unless either party shall notify the other in writing of its intention not to renew.
This Agreement is effective as of the date hereof and shall remain in full force and effect for the period (the "Covered Period") commencing on the date hereof and ending on the date that is the earliest of: (i) the Company's failure to appoint the ValueAct Designee to the Board following the ValueAct Group's written request to the Company to have the ValueAct Designee appointed to the Board pursuant to Section 1(a) of this Agreement; (ii) the failure of the Company to comply in good faith with Section 1(e) of this Agreement; or (iii) the date which is the 60t h day prior to the Company's 2016 annual meeting of stockholders.
This Agreement shall take effect as of the Effective Date and shall expire upon completion of the Project as set forth in the Project Plan and after payment of all payments due and payable according to this Agreement, unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
"Expiration Date" means March 31, 2020.
The Joint Venture is a fixed term Joint Venture beginning November 27, 2018 and ending November 30th, 2019 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on February 1, 1998 and end on the first anniversary of the date of this Agreement; provided that (a) either party may terminate this Agreement, effective at any time after the first three months of the Term, by giving 30 days' written notice of termination to the other party, and (b) either party may terminate this Agreement at any time by giving written notice of termination to the other party, if the other party commits a material breach of its obligations hereunder that is not cured within 30 days after notice thereof from the non-breaching party.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue, unless terminated sooner in accordance with this Article VIII, until June 27, 2011 (the "Term").
This Agreement shall continue until terminated as provided herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated under the terms of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the Services to be provided with respect to any Account which is registered as an investment company under the 1940 Act (herein referred to as a "registered investment company") are services referred to in the definition of "investment advisor" under Section 202(a)(11) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (herein referred to as "investment advisory services"), then with respect to such Account, this Agreement: (i) shall not commence until the effective date of its approval by the board of directors or trustees ("Board") of such Account; (ii) shall continue from year to year thereafter, subject to the provisions for termination and all other terms and conditions hereof, only if such continuation shall be specifically approved at least annually by a majority of the Board, including a majority of the members of the Board who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons of any such party (other than as members of the Board) cast in person at a meeting called for that purpose; (iii) may be terminated at any time without the payment of any penalty by the Board or by a vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities (as defined in Section 2(a)(42) of the 1940 Act) of the Account on 60 days' written notice to the Adviser; (iv) shall automatically terminate in the event of (A) its assignment (as defined in the 1940 Act) or (B) termination of the Advisory Agreement for any reason whatsoever.
Subject to the remaining provisions of this Section, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the effective date first above written and shall continue until terminated by mutual agreement of the parties hereto or by either party on not less than 60 days' written notice to the other party hereto.
This Limited Power of Attorney shall be revoked and terminated automatically upon the cancellation or termination of the Services Agreement or as to any Fund upon the cancellation or termination of the Adviser's Investment Advisory Contract for such Fund.
Unless otherwise mutually agreed to by the Parties, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end upon expiration of the Term, unless terminated early as contemplated hereunder.
"Term" means, on a Country-by-Country and Collaboration Product-by-Collaboration Product basis, the period from the Effective Date until the later of (a) the expiration or termination of the last Valid Claim of a Patent Right covering the Pooled Compound in such Collaboration Product in such Country, and (b) fifteen (15) years from First Commercial Sale in such Country, unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with Article 14.
The term of the CDx Development Program shall be five (5) years.
The term for Database Insights under Section 3.1.8 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Database Insights Term").
The term "Agreement Term" shall mean the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is terminated sooner as provided in Article 17, expiring on the date when all work has been completed or terminated under all R&D Plans.
The initial term of the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program will be five (5) years beginning on the Effective Date.
The term for Sample Profiling set forth in Section 3.1.4 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Profiling Term").
This Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue for the Agreement Term.
The initial term of the ctDNA Platform Development Program will be twelve (12) months.
The initial term of this Agreement shall, unless sooner terminated by consent of all parties, expires in five (5) years from the date of Effective Date.
The Contract Term shall extend for a period of fifty (50) years.
This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date, and will continue until the expiration of the "Sales Term" as that term is defined in the Sales Dealer Agreement dated as of August 16, 2017 between Vivint and Vivint Solar Developer, LLC (the "Term")."
The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years, subject to the prior termination rights provided below.
Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, this Agreement continues in effect for an initial term of seven (7) years ("Initial Term") and will automatically renew for one or more annual periods after the Initial Term (each a "Renewal Term") unless either party gives notice of non-renewal at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the beginning of any Renewal Term.
The duration of this Venture (the "Term") will begin on March 1, 2020 and continue in full force and effect until February 28, 2025 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
This Amendment shall only become effective upon the VNBJ Closing with respect to Article 1.1 and the VNBZ Closing with respect to Article 1.2, and shall terminate without any force or effect in the event that the VNBJ SPA and the VNBZ SPA are terminated in accordance with the terms thereof.
This JV Agreement shall become effective on the signing date and shall have a duration of * years, extendable for a further * years, unless notice of non- renewal is sent one year before the natural expiry date.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of execution and shall continue in force and effect for an indefinite term thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the provisions of Article 16 or by all the Parties in writing.
This agreement shall terminate: a. Automatically if any public authority cancels or declines to renew the Agency's license or Certificate of Authority. b. Immediately if either party gives detailed written notice to the other of alleged gross and willful misconduct, fraud or material misrepresentation.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date hereof and shall terminate upon the termination of the Offering.
This Agreement will become effective as of the date first written above and will continue in effect thereafter until terminated pursuant to Paragraph 4.2 below.
This Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years commencing upon the Effective Date hereof unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement (the "Initial Term").
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the later to occur of the date that is (x) three (3) years from the date hereof and (y) the date on which an affiliate of Freedom Mortgage is not acting as the external manager of Cherry Hill.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years following the Effective Date or until the Studies are completed, whichever is later, unless extended or unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof.
Term: This Study Order will continue until the Study is completed, which is expected to be ________ (__) months after the Effective Date, or until terminated early as provided in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the date first set forth above and, shall expire on the later of (i) five (5) years from the date hereof, or (ii) with respect to any projects identified in any contract for which VET TECH is billing the client directly, upon the completion of COOL TECH's Services and receipt of payment by COOL TECH from VET TECH for said services.
Unless terminated sooner, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years thereafter (the "Initial Term") and shall automatically renew for additional one (1) year terms on the terms and conditions set forth herein (each a "Renewal Term" and collectively, the "Term") unless either party gives the other Party Notice of its intention to terminate this Agreement ninety (90) days before the end of the Initial Term or Renewal Term, if any.
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this ---- Agreement shall terminate on the later of (i) the third anniversary of the Effective Date or (ii) the date on which ETI ceases to be a Subsidiary of NTL.
THIS STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), made effective this 17t h day of February 2016, through February 16, 2019 (the "Initial Term") i
Either party may terminate this agreement after 3 years following the effective date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall remain in effect for a period of 5 years ("Initial Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years from the date of execution and may be extended subject to satisfactory agreement on ongoing commercial terms, to be agreed two (2) months prior to the expiration of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until the later of (a) the fourth (4th) anniversary of the Effective Date, or (b) the completion or termination of the Research and receipt by LBIO of all deliverables due from MD Anderson hereunder, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.2 or Section 9.14.
This Agreement is effective on the Effective Date and shah continue in effect until the earlier of (a) the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date, and (b) termination by either Party for any reason upon thirty (30) days' written notice to the other Party; provided, however, that no Party shall be able to terminate this Agreement so long as such Party is a Defaulting Party under this Agreement.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until it is terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 15 of this Agreement ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and will continue in effect until five (5) year(s) from such date (the "Initial Term") unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 25.
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Initial Term") will be ten (10) years from the Effective Date, provided that at any time following the 7th anniversary of such date, either party may terminate such strategic alliance upon not less than 60 days' prior written notice to the other party.
The rights and obligations of the Farids Group set forth in this Article VI (other than those set forth in Sections 6.8 and 6.9) shall terminate on the date that the Farids Group owns less than 3% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock, but in no event earlier than the Expiration Date (as defined in the Warrant).
The term of this Agreement is twenty-four (24) months.
This Agreement shall be for an initial term of five (5) years, and unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall automatically renew for an additional term of five (5) years thereafter.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for a term of ten (10) years, unless previously terminated in accordance with Clause 15 (Termination).
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of two (2) years ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 11 of this Agreement.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 4.2 or 4.3, this Agreement will be in effect from the Effective Date until completion of the Research Program.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of three (3) years after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement is effective on the day of May 1, 2013 and the effective term is the same as the Cooperation Ter
The Cooperation Term of the parties shall be two years from May 1, 2013 to April 30, 2015.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, (i) that this Section 8 shall survive any such termination and (ii) no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, shall continue in full force and effect until terminated pursuant to this Article 18.
This Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of: (i) the conclusion of the Standstill Period or (ii) delivery of written notice by one Party to the other Party of a material breach of this Agreement by the breaching Party that is uncured after ten (10) calendar days of notice of such breach.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement will be effective as of the date of its execution, and term of the Cooperation will be four years from the date on which the channel is uploaded.<omitted>The channel is expected to be uploaded on August 1, 201
Unless otherwise mutual agreed between the Parties, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the earlier of the below events occur: (a) The fifth (5t h) anniversary of this Agreement; and (b) Otkritie ceasing to own more than 2,237,216 class B shares or American depositary shares of QIWI.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period in accordance with Section 4, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
Subject to the other provisions contained herein, this AGREEMENT shall be for a term of thirty (30) years from the Effective Date, which shall automatically renew from year-to-year thereafter unless terminated by a Party upon sixty (60) days' written notice after the end of the term.
The term of this Agreement shall be fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the following provisions of this Article:
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this IP Agreement shall extend until the last date of expiration of the SRAM Intellectual Property rights licensed under this IP Agreement.
The term of this Agreement is five (5) years unless the early termination in accordance with this Agreement.
The provisions of this Agreement, including the license rights provided in this Article III, shall not be terminable or revocable for any reason.
The term of this IP Agreement shall be from the Effective Date until all of the Intellectual Property licensed hereunder is in the public domain (provided, however, that in such event the representations and warranties in Article III shall survive (and terminate) in accordance with the Acquisition Agreement) or this IP Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 4.3.
This Agreement shall remain in effect for sixty (60) months from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
Unless otherwise agreed in writing by Accuray and Distributor and subject to the termination rights contained in this Agreement, this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until the termination of the Strategic Alliance Agreement; provided, however, that if a Termination Election relating to this Agreement is made pursuant to Section 10.3 of the Strategic Alliance Agreement prior to such termination, this Agreement shall terminate 36 months after such Termination Election (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement shall terminate on May 31, 2015, unless sooner terminated.
As provided for in this Section 1, the term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years, beginning on the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"); provided, however, the Initial Term shall be subject to automatic successive renewal terms of three (3) years each (the "Renewal Terms" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
The terms of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date and will be automatically renewed on each anniversary of the effective date, for a renewal term of one year unless either party provides written notification of its intention not to renew this Agreement at least one month prior to the expiration of the initial or any renewal terms.
Distributor's appointment is for a term of one year from the Effective Date, renewable automatically unless terminated under Section 18
The Term will commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and will remain in effect, unless sooner terminated under paragraphs 5.2, 5.3, or 5.4, until the termination date specified in Exhibit A.
September 30, 1997
This Agreement shall have an initial term of one (1) year from the date first above written (the "Initial Term"), and shall thereafter automatically renew for successive two (2) year periods (each a "Renewal Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement shall be two (2) years from the Effective Date with automatic annual renewals thereafter provided either party does not provide sixty (60) days notice of termination prior to the renewal date or the Agreement is not otherwise terminated as set forth in Section 8.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) calendar years from the Agreement date.
The term of this Agreement shall be ten (10) years (the "Term") which shall commence on the date upon which the Company delivers to Distributor the last Sample, as defined hereinafter.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date first above written and shall terminate on 31 December 2006, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years from the date first set forth above and shall thereafter automatically renew for additional two (2) year terms unless a party provides the other party with notice of non-renewal no less than 6 months prior to the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term unless earlier terminated as follows
April 15, 2000 through October 15, 2000 (6 Months from the Effective Date)
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) years from the Effective Date and shall thereafter be automatically renewed for subsequent one (1) year periods unless either party notifies the other in writing of its election not to renew the Agreement at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the expiration of the then-current term.
Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until terminated by either Party upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice.
This contract shall be for a term of one year commencing on the date first above written; thereafter, it shall automatically continue until terminated by either party upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for 3 years (the "Initial Term") commencing on the date first set forth above (the "Commencement Date") and ending on the 3rd anniversary of the Commencement Date.
The Term of this Agreement shall be for a period of [* ****] years and [*****] months commencing the 1st day of September 2004 and terminating the [*****] day of [*****].
The term of the license hereby granted shall commence August 1, 1995 and continue until January 30, 2000, unless sooner terminated in the manner provided in the immediately succeeding sentence or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
Unless otherwise provided for in this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall be three years, commencing on the date of this Agreement and expiring on the third anniversary date of this Agreement (the "Termination Date").
The COMPANY agrees to a one year engagement to contract the CELEBRITY to speak at the company meetings and seminars along with endorsement of the Company products.
Notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement shall terminate upon the Trust's payment to the Company of the sum of the aggregate amount of the premiums paid under the Policy since inception (which amount includes the outstanding principal balance of the Demand Note).
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing on January 1, 2000 and concluding December 31, 2003, unless terminated sooner as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall extend from the date of execution hereof through and until _______, unless extended by written agreement of the parties.
The term of this Agreement shall commence January 1, 1996, and shall continue for a period of three (3) years, concluding December 31, 1998.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing as of May 31, 1999 and concluding May 31, 2000.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Article 13, shall continue in full force and effect, on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the Secondary Royalty Term with respect to such Product expires, at which time this Agreement shall expire in its entirety with respect to such Product in such country.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and unless terminated earlier by mutual written agreement of the Parties or pursuant to Section 9.2 (Termination At Will) or Section 9.3 (Termination for Cause) below, the term of this Agreement shall continue in effect until Achaogen ceases development and commercialization of Plazomicin ("Term").
Except as provided in Sections 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, and 6.5, this Agreement shall terminate one (1) year from the Rig Release Date, if such has not been terminated sooner pursuant to the provisions hereof.
The term of this Agreement shall be for 10 years commencing on the date of execution of this Agreement by AIRSOPURE.
The Term shall begin on the Effective Date and will end, without further notice, on the Expiration Date set forth in the Addendum, unless terminated earlier under the terms of this Agreement.<omitted>Expiration Date: at midnight on the last day of the month fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date
The term of this Agreement starts on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is earlier terminated in accordance with its provisions, will expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date.
You must operate the Franchise at a mutually agreeable site (the "Premises") to be identified after the signing of this Agreement, and to use the System and the Marks in the operation of that Franchise, for a term of 10 years (the "Initial Term")
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, this Agreement will expire on _______________________________________.
This Agreement shall be effective as of that date (the "Effective Date") the Site becomes fully operational as set forth in writing and executed by both Parties and shall continue for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date.
This Agreement will be effective beginning on 12:01 a.m., Eastern Time, on the day after the date of last signature to these Base Terms ("Effective Date") and ending on the expiration and/or termination of all Service Option Attachments, unless the Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and will terminate on the third anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreemen
This Agreement will take effect on the Effective Date and remain in effect for a period of 1 year; provided, that Sections 2 and 3 level shall terminate promptly upon (a) any action or omission by Client or any of its customers which constitutes a breach of or default by TrueLink under any System Agreement or Credit Repository Agreement, which breach or default has either not been cured or cannot be cured within the applicable cure period and the consequences of which is that TrueLink will lose material rights it had pursuant to said Agreements or (b) any violations or breach by Client of Sections 8a - 8c.
This agreement shall be for a term of five years from the date of this document.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.
"Term" means the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and continuing thereafter indefinitely until this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 10 below.
Subject to early termination of this Agreement pursuant to Sections 7.2, 7.3 or 7.4, this Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue until the expiration or earlier termination of the Development and License Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid for a period of five (5) years with automatic renewal of one year thereafter until terminated<omitted>by either party with one (1) year written notice prior to the expiration of the initial period or any extension period thereof.
Unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 12.2 below, the initial term of this Agreement shall expire on 31 December 2024 (the "Initial Term") unless the Parties mutually agree in writing any extension to the Initial Term.
This Agreement shall have a term of four (4) years from the effective date first set forth above, and shall automatically renew for additional one year terms unless earlier terminated by either party.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall extend for a period of Five (5) years thereafter ("Initial Term"), unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein or is extended by mutual written agreement of the Parties.
Unless terminated earlier as provided herein, this Agreement shall terminate on the date three (3) years from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement is three years from and including the date of this Agreement (the "Initial Term"), with automatic renewal for additional successive one-year terms (each a "Renewal Term" and together wit the Initial Term, the "Term") unless no later than [* * *] days prior to the end of the Initial Term, or any Renewal Term either party notifies the other that it wishes to terminate this Agreement effective the end of the Initial Term or that Renewal Term, as applicable.
Except as otherwise set forth in Sections 9.2 and 9.3 or Exhibit A hereof, the term of this Agreement shall be eighteen (18) months ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for a period of one year from the date of its execution and from year to year thereafter provided such continuance is specifically approved by a majority of the trustees of the Trust who (i) are not "interested persons" of the Trust or any other party to this Agreement, as defined in the 1940 Act, and (ii) have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of this Agreement ("Non- Interested Trustees").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3 of this Agreement, shall continue until the twentieth (20th) anniversary of the Effective Date; provided, however, (i) Operator shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Owner, if Operator provides a substitute operator acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, who (A) has experience operating similar assets, (B) has the ability to provide at least the same quality of service as Operator, (C) has the financial ability to perform the obligations hereunder, and (D) is ready, willing and able to execute an operation and maintenance agreement substantially similar to this Agreement and acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, and (ii) Owner shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Operator.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 8, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
To the extent not terminated previously by AIG pursuant to the foregoing, this Agreement will terminate automatically one year after the closing of any sale of the Company by AIG, and all provisions hereof will be of no further force and effect.
It shall be effective on 06 October 2000 and shall have a duration of two years.
Subject to termination pursuant to this Agreement, the Non Exclusive license granted by Licensor to Licensee shall be for an initial period of 36 months, commencing from the acceptance date, (the "Initial Period").
This Agreement and the license granted under this Agreement shall remain in effect perpetually as long as fees are paid by Sparkling in accordance with the Fee Schedule and the Agreement is not otherwise terminated in accordance with this Section.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for an initial period of five years until terminated in the manner described in Clause 16 below.
In addition, DCL may terminate this Agreement with effect from the 3rd, 4th or 5th anniversary of the Commencement Date by giving not less than six months notice in writing to SEV
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Services Commencement Date and remain effective for ten (10) years (the "Initial Term") unless terminated in accordance with its terms.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in operation for at least a period of twenty-five (25) years (hereinafter called "Initial Period") after the RFCS Date and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
This Agreement shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of: (i) the date on which the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement equal $5,000,000; (ii) the Release Date (as defined in Section 19) or (iii) payment in full, in cash, of all Obligations and the termination of the Financing Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement is less than $5,000,000 and any payment, or any part thereof, on account of any of the Obligations is invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Agent or the Lenders upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or reorganization of any Borrower or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for any Borrower, or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Article 9.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date and year first above written and shall continue in operation for at least an initial period of twenty-five (25) years following the RFS Date (hereinafter referred to as "initial Period") and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
Subject to the provisions of this AGREEMENT, and with effect from the date when the party signing last in time appends its signature to this agreement ("the effective date"), and enduring in perpetuity unless terminated as provided for elsewhere in this AGREEMENT, SAP AFRICA grants, and TELKOM accepts a non-exclusive, non-transferable licence to USE the SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION and other SAP AFRICA PROPRIETARY INFORMATION at the specified DESIGNATED SITE within the TERRITORY.
The licence granted hereunder shall become effective upon execution of this AGREEMENT by both parties and shall endure indefinitely unless terminated under clause 6. 2.
Upon expiration of that 12 months, MMMW affords the Customer the opportunity of a continuation of support on an annual basis as follows: The Initial Term of this Technical Infrastructure Maintenance Agreement is twelve months, commencing on the Effective Date.
This Agreement commences on the date first above written, and will remain in effect for the period of five (5) years, except as otherwise provided herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 7, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, shall continue for the duration of the Lease, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3.
The initial period of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue until March 31, 2003.
This OMA shall expire upon the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the Effective Date and (ii) the date that all Shares of Stock of the Seller Trusts as set forth on Schedule A hereto have been sold (the "Term").
The Term will be 3 years from Effective Date with an automatic 2 year term extensions unless otherwise advised by one of the Parties.
This Agreement between HEMISPHERX and SCIEN shall be in effect beginning the last date of execution set forth on the signature page to the Agreement (the "Effective Date") to which this Quality Agreement is Exhibit 2 and remain in effect until HEMISPHERX and SCIEN terminate the Agreement or it is superseded by a revised Quality Agreement executed by both parties.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue unless and until terminated as provided herein.
Subject to Article 22.2, this Agreement shall remain in force for an Initial Period of 1 year, which may be renewed by mutual consent for such period as the Parties may agree ("Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement or for any of the following reasons:
This Agreement begins on the Effective Date and shall continue indefinitely unless sooner terminated as provided in this Article 5.
This Agreement shall terminate as to the Remarketing Agent and its obligations hereunder with respect to VRRM-MFP Shares upon the earliest to occur of (a) the effective date of the resignation or removal of such Remarketing Agent pursuant to Section 5(a) and Section 5(b), respectively, (b) the completion of a successful Transition Remarketing on a New Mode Commencement Date in connection with transition to a new Mode, or (c) the date on which no VRRM-MFP Shares are Outstanding.
In addition, the<omitted>obligations of the Remarketing Agents may be terminated by them by notice given to the Company prior to 12:00 noon, New York City time on the Remarketing Settlement Date if, prior to that time, any of the applicable conditions precedent to the obligations of the Remarketing Agents described in Section 5 hereof shall have failed to occur.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to earlier termination in accordance with the provisions of Section 16, shall continue in force for a period being the longer of fifteen (15) years from first Commercial Launch of the Product in the Territory or until the expiration of the last valid claim in the PPI Patents covering the Product in any country of the Territory (the "Initial Term").
In addition, the obligations of the Remarketing Agent hereunder may be terminated by it by notice given to the Company prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date immediately preceding the Commencement Date if, prior to that time, any of the events described in Sections 6(i), (j) or (k) shall have occurred.
This Agreement shall terminate (i) the Business Day immediately following the Remarketing Settlement Date, (ii) at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the last date of the Remarketing if the Remarketing is not successful or (iii) on the effective date of the resignation or removal of the Remarketing Agent and the appointment of a new Remarketing Agent.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Agreement or extended by mutual agreement between the parties, shall continue in effect for thirty six (36) months following the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall be effective on the later of the dates that it is executed by Imprimis and Surgical (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate pursuant to the terms of the SOW (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided in this Agreement, the initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period beginning on the Effective Date and ending ten (10) years thereafter unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall be five years commencing on the Effective Date and ending at the close of business on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement shall commence with the first race ----- of the 1998 Winston Cup season and shall continue until the final race of the year-2000 Winston Cup season.
The term of this Agreement will begin on December 15, 1997 and will end the later of (i) December 15, 1999 or (ii) Excite's delivery of all of the guaranteed Click-throughs described in Section 1(f).
This Agreement shall terminate and, subject to the provisions set forth below, be of no further force or effect on the exercise by the Sponsor of its right to terminate this Agreement as provided in subsection 6.2, provided that, in any event, sections 3, 7 and 8 and, in the event that such termination occurs by virtue of paragraph 6.2(b), subsection 2.5 shall not terminate (except as set forth therein) and shall continue in full force and effect for the benefit of the Sponsor or the other parties to this Agreement, as the case may be.
The term (the "Term") shall commence on November 1, 2007 and end on October 31, 2008 (unless terminated earlier in accordance with the General Provisions).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force and effect until one (1) year subsequent to the Effective Date, provided however, that Tickets may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon thirty (30) days' notice to MP3. com at any time prior to the expiration of sixty (60) days subsequent to the Effective Date.
This term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and terminates on August 2nd, 2015 upon completion of event.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for six (6) months.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue in effect for a period of five (5) years (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions set out herein.
This Agreement shall continue in force for a term of twelve (12) months from the Effective Date, unless terminated earlier under the provisions of this Article 8 (the "Term"); PROVIDED that TouchStar shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time after the Effective Date upon not less than fifteen (15) days' prior written notice to Reseller.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for an Initial Term of five (5) years, and will automatically renew for additional periods of five (5) years unless one Party notifies the other of its intention not to renew, no less than 12 months prior to the expiration of the then-current term, unless terminated as permitted under this Agreement.
This Agreement comes into force as of the Effective Date and shall remain valid during the term of the LSA.
This Supply Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue for a period of [***] unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Supply Agreement.
Unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.2 below, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a FIVE (5) year period.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of its execution and shall remain in force for three years (the "Initial Term").
The term of this Supply Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date first set forth above and shall remain in effect until the later of (a) July 31, 2021 or (b) the date that the Parties enter into the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement and Sutro is supplying to SutroVax each Product under the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement (the "Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with Section 10.2.
The term of this Agreement will commence upon the Effective Date and will continue until the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated or extended under this Article 8 (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of the Services, unless terminated as set out herein, shall continue up to and including 28 February 2000 ("the Initial Term").
This Development Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and continue for four (4) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 10.2, or unless the parties extend the term by mutual written Development Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement will be in effect for one year from the Effective Date and will automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods unless terminated as provided below.
This Agreement shall be effective through and including March 31, 2004.
This Agreement shall be effective until the earlier of (a) its termination in accordance with the provisions of this Article 14 or (b) the date that is two (2) years after the date of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement will renew automatically for successive terms of one (1) year each unless a party to this Agreement delivers written notice of termination to the other party to this Agreement at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the original or any renewal term or the parties to this Agreement do not agree in writing to the Quota Amount referred to in subsection 14.2(b)(1) for any one (1) year renewal term at least sixty (60) days prior to the commencement of such term.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on January 1, 2000 and continue for an initial period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 7 hereof, and may be renewed under Section 8 hereof (the initial period plus any renewal period, the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This agreement shall begin upon the date of its execution by MA and acceptance in writing by Company and shall remain in effect until the end of the current calendar year and shall be automatically renewed for successive one (1) year periods unless otherwise terminated according to the cancellation or termination provisions contained in paragraph 18 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall terminate on June 30, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement commences as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to any express provision of this Agreement, shall continue until five (5) years following the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b) [Term and Termination].
The term of this Agreement shall be effective as of the date first stated above and shall continue for a term of three (3) years, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement (the "Term"); provided, however, that PrimeCall may elect to terminate this Agreement, upon thirty (30) days' written notice, at any time from and after the time that collectively RSL Communications, Ltd. and/or its Affiliates holds less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of DeltaThree's outstanding shares.
This Agreement will become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated pursuant to Sections 3.1<omitted>, shall remain effective for two (2) years from and after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This agreement shall commence as of date first above written, and shall Continue through December 31, 2004 ("the Term").
The Term shall commence on July 23, 2013 and shall expire on July 22, 2016, unless otherwise terminated earlier pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall have an Initial Term of three (3) years.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for a period of five years following the initial date of execution of the Memorandum, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 6.2 or Section 2.8 ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall begin as of the Effective Date and continue until Acceptance of all Deliverables for Milestones #1 and #2 pursuant to Section 3.4 and completion of Milestone #3, unless earlier terminated under Section 8.2, as provided for under the Other Agreements, or as mutually agreed by the Parties.
The term of this Agreement shall automatically become effective upon the occurrence of (i) ETON executing a commercial supply agreement with a contract manufacturing organization within forty-five (45) days of the Execution Date, provided that ETON has exercised best efforts to execute such agreement and the failure to execute is solely caused by the refusal or inability of the proposed manufacturing organization to sign a reasonable agreement; and (ii) acceptance for review of the Dossier or marketing application for [ * * * ] by the FDA no later than September 2, 2019 (such date, the "Effective Date") and shall end upon the termination or expiration of the Agreement as set forth in Section 11 (the "Term").
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Article, this Agreement will continue in full force beginning on the Effective Date and ending two (2) years thereafter ("Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the longer of the first anniversary of the Effective Date or the duration of the Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement (the "Term").
This agreement begins on the Commencement Date and, subject to clause 11.2, shall continue for an initial term of one (1) years (Initial Term) and indefinitely after that until terminated by either party giving at least twelve (12) months' prior written notice to expire on or after the expiry date of the initial term.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date first written above and shall continue in effect for a period of Three (3) years.
This Agreement shall become effective upon the date first written above and shall remain in full force and effect for a period of two years (2), unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions in this Agreement.
Unless terminated earlier as provided in this agreement, this Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms hereo
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and automatically renewing annually thereafter, unless either party provides a thirty-day notice of written termination one to the other ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of four (4) years, commencing on the Effective Date, which term may be extended for up to three (3) years by written agreement of both Parties prior to the expiration date of the initial term or any extension thereof (collectively, the "Term").
The term of the Franchise shall be twenty (20) years, commencing on January 1, 2016.
The term of this Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue until terminated as hereinafter provided (the "Term").
Terms of the project: 12 weeks from February 8, 2018 to May 3, 2018
This Agreement shall come into force on the Date of the Agreement, and shall, subject to article 18, remain in full force and effect for an initial period of *** from the Commercial Launch Date.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for one (I) year, unless earlier terminated as expressly provided in Sections 1.3. 10.1. or 10.2 of this Agreement (the *Initial Term")
This Agreement will remain in effect for Thirty-six (36)<omitted>months following the Hosting Service Ready Date ("Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Article XVI, this IP Agreement and the licenses granted herein will continue in effect from the Effective Date until the expiration of the last to expire of the Patents and any additional period of time thereafter that any of the Patents remain enforceable such as in the United States where a party can sue for infringement after a patent expires and seek damages for any infringement of the patent during the six years immediately preceding the filing of a suit for infringement.
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate on December 31, 2034 (such period, including as may be extended in accordance with the subsequent sentence, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article 11, shall expire on the last day of the Royalty Term.
This term of this Agreement shall commence on the EFFECTIVE DATE and shall continue, in each country, until the date of expiration of the last to expire patent within PATENT RIGHT(S) in that country.
The "Term" of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration or earlier termination of the last Addendum to expire or be terminated, at which time this Agreement will expire, unless this Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") (a) shall commence on the first day of the Warranty Period for the first Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation and (b) shall, unless terminated earlier under Section 4.1 of this Agreement or unless extended by mutual agreement of the Parties, terminate on the date that is the last day of the Warranty Period for the last Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation.
Subject to all other terms and conditions set forth herein, as of the date of this agreement, LEADER maintain the software for an additional five years.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of year as of the Effective Date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated, shall continue in full force and effect for a period of [***] years thereafter.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect for an initial term of **** from the Supply Commencement Date of the Product ("Initial Term").
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Facility Addendum, this Agreement (a) shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of four (4) years from such date (the "Initial Term" of this Agreement), unless sooner terminated pursuant to Section 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 or 7.7, and (b) may be extended for up to three (3) additional periods of twelve (12) months (each, an "Extension Period") by written notice given by Customer to Manufacturer not less than twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Extension Period, as the case may be.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the 60th day following a written notice from one party to the other of its decision to terminate this Agreement at the end of such 60-day period or upon termination of the applicable Distribution Agreement with respect to a Fund.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on the date hereof (the "Commencement Date"), and will continue until the earlier of (i) December 31, 2022, (ii) the termination or expiration of the Studio Lease (defined below), (iii) election to terminate and notice thereof given by Programmer to Licensee, and (iv) mutual written consent of Licensee and Programmer (the "Term"), unless extended or earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11 hereof.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a period of five (5) years from the Reseller's first purchase order for Product issued to Todos (the "Initial Term"), unless terminated earlier by one of the parties in accordance with the terms of this Section 11.
The term of this JSMA shall commence on May 1, 2020 (the "Commencement Date") and ends at April 30, 2029 (the "Term"), with automatic renewals each for a period of five (5) years (a "Renewal Term") unless notice is given pursuant to 5.2.
Unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of Section ​12, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until July 31, 2019 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid until the [* * *] (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue to be in full force and effect for so long as Photronics and DNP, or any of their Affiliates, each remains a Shareholder of the Company.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect through December 31, 2021 and any Renewal Term (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier as set forth herein.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 12, shall extend until the four (4) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on September 10, 2015 and shall continue for One (1) Year (the "Term").
This Agreement becomes effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 11, shall continue until the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect for an initial period of 1 year ("Initial Term").
This term of this Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereto shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in perpetuity (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions contained herein.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of twelve (12) full calendar months ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term"), unless mutually extended by written agreement of the Parties or unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall commence effective as of the date hereof and shall expire on December 31, 2028.
This Agreement shall continue until January 18, 2022, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods ending on January 18th of each year, provided such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (a) the Fund's Board of Trustees and (b) a vote of a majority (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund's Trustees who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of the Plan, in this Agreement, or any agreement related to the Plan (the "Qualified Trustees"), by vote cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting on such approval.
With respect to each of the Services, the term thereof will be for a period commencing as of the date hereof, unless a different date is specified as the commencement date for any applicable Service on Exhibit A or Exhibit B (either, a "Commencement Date"), and shall continue until 12 months following the Commencement Date unless (i) such other date as is specified as the termination date for any applicable Service in this Agreement or on Exhibit A or Exhibit B, as applicable (the "Term") or (ii) earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement (a "Termination Date").
Cellco's appointment as custodian is effective as of the Initial Cutoff Date and will continue until the later of (i) the date on which all obligations of the Issuer have been paid in full and (ii) the date on which such appointment is terminated under this Section 3.10(f).
This Agreement will terminate on the earlier to occur of (a) the date upon which the last remaining Receivable is paid in full, settled, sold or written off and any amounts received are applied and (b) the Issuer is terminated under Section 8.1 of the Trust Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence as of April 1, 2018 (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon the later of: (a) the conclusion of the 2022/23 NFL season and (b) the last day in February, 2023 (such expiration date, the "Scheduled Expiration Date"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be valid for five (5) years from February 1, 2019 through January 31, 2024 unless this Agreement is terminated earlier pursuant to Section 14 (the "Term").
The term of this agreement will begin on April 1, 2018 and continue until April 30, 2018 at 11:59pm.
This agreement is for a term of ten (10) years.
This Agreement shall commence on March 15, 2018 and will expire on March 14, 2020 unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 13 of the Agreement (the "Term")
The Contract is valid for 5 years, beginning from and ended on .
The "Term" of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will end on the earlier of: (a) the first anniversary of the expiration date of the last Purchase Schedule (as defined in this next Section); (b) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party any time after the expiration of the last Purchase Schedule; or (c) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party as provided in Subsection 11(d) of this Agreement.
Termination Date: December 31, 2023
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the time periods set forth in Schedules 1 and 2 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and continues in perpetuity, unless termination occurs pursuant to Sections 4.2 through 4.4.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
The license granted to the Licensee under this Agreement shall continue perpetually
This Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
TERM: November 01, 2014 to October 31, 2017
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
Period of transportation services: this Agreement is valid for an indefinite term.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and unless earlier terminated as provided elsewhere in this Agreement, will end automatically upon the end of Year 3.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for one (1) year following the Launch Date, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
The Term shall commence on the date of this Agreement and, unless earlier terminated or extended as provided below, shall end as of December 31, 2000.
The term of this Agreement shall be for a period of two (2) years (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall end fifteen months therefrom.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon delivery of [**] to ebix, but in no way shall this Agreement extend any later than thirty (30) months from the Effective Date regardless of the number Filled Application Forms delivered to ebix. About will make commercially reasonable efforts to achieve that number in twelve (12) months or less from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end three (3) years from the date the Co-Branded Application becomes accessible to Excite@Home Members ("Launch Date").
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the date above, and shall continue for a term of one (1) year
Term shall mean the Effective Date through June 15, 2001 and any Renewal Term (as defined in paragraph 7.4 herein.)
INITIAL TERM shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the second anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11.
Initial Term shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the fourth anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8
This Agreement shall be effective upon the ------------------- Effective Date and shall remain in force for a period of one (1) year, and shall be automatically renewed for successive periods of one (1) year unless otherwise terminated as provided herein.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in force for three years from the Launch Date (the "Initial Term") unless earlier
"Launch Date" means the first date on which the Service is made publicly available.<omitted>This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date and will continue in effect for 2 years following the Launch Date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall ----------------------- commence on the Effective Date and end on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the date that the Affiliate Registration Form is approved by Chase and will end when terminated by either party.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of five (5) years from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term") after which this Agreement may be extended on mutual agreement of the parties (a "Renewal Term," and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
This Agreement will remain in force for perpetuity or until and unless otherwise mutually agreed or amended in writing by both parties.
The term of this Agreement will begin upon acceptance of Affiliate's Program application and will end when terminated by either party of this Agreement.
This Agreement is entered into for an unlimited period of time.
This Agreement shall be for the term of one year; thereafter, the Agreement shall renew automatically under these same terms and agreements unless superceded by future agreements.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until either Party informs the other Party with thirty (30) day prior written notice of termination of this Agreement.
The "Initial Term" shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire on March 31, 2011.
The term ("Term") of this Agreement shall be for one hundred eighty days (180) from the date set forth below unless Network 1 or Visa or MasterCard or Harris Bank doesn't approve Affiliate's ISO application, in which case, the Term will be 3 years.
Unless sooner terminated under the provisions hereof, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of one (1) year ("Term"). provided however, that the Parties may extend the Term for an additional year period by entering into an written addendum of the Agreement extending such term.
"CONTRACT PERIOD" means that period of time commencing upon the full execution of this Agreement by both Parties and terminating on May 31, 2016 unless sooner terminated under this Agreement.
All terms of this Agreement will automatically commence on November 1st, 2017, and expire on November 2nd, 2020.
"Term" means: 1.5t January 2013 to 315t December 2013 or until terminated under the provisions of this Agreement or the Primary Agreement.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time from February 21, 2011 through December 31, 2012.
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and ending on February 19, 2013 ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for two years from the date hereof, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (A) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund and (B) the vote of a majority of the Fund's directors who are not parties to this Agreement or "interested persons" (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Fund Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the Investment Fund Act.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this ARTICLE 13, shall remain in effect on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the expiration of the Royalty Term applicable to such Product and country (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect until the expiration of the Sublicense Agreement, unless earlier termination by pursuant to the terms of this Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4 of this Agreement, will continue until the expiration of the Warranty Period as defined in subsection 9(a) of this Agreement.
Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, the Parties' respective rights and obligations under this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force for ten (10) years after the First Commercial Sale of the first Licensed Product, and shall thereafter automatically renew for an unlimited period of time unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Section 15.2.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein, unless earlier terminated by either party, this Agreement shall expire on ______, 20___, and all rights of Developer herein shall cease and all unapplied or unused Development Fees paid pursuant to Section 3 hereof shall be forfeited to Franchisor.
Unless terminated pursuant to Section 10 or 11 below, it shall expire upon the earlier of the date specified in Exhibit "B" or upon the opening of the last El Pollo Loco® Restaurant listed in the Development Schedule.
Dr. Murray's obligations set out herein shall be performed from the Effective Date until December 31, 2018 (the initial "Services Term").
Except as otherwise stated herein as pertaining only to a Services Term, this Agreement shall remain in effect for ten years, unless terminated in accordance with Sections 6.1 (a) or 6.2(b).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance herewith, shall continue in force and effect until (a) the date of expiration of the last Royalty Term for the last Licensed Product, or (b) the expiration of the License Option Period and the failure of AbbVie to exercise the License Option (such period, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") will begin on the date this Agreement is signed by the last signatory ("Effective Date") and remain in effect for [***]; provided, however, that the terms of this Agreement shall remain applicable to any SOW that was executed by the Parties prior to the expiration or termination of this Agreement but whose period of performance extends beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue thereafter for a period of twelve (12) months (the "Initial Term").
The Term shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of five (5) years.
The term "Term" shall mean an initial term of five years, automatically renewable thereafter for successive 5-year terms unless either party provides prior written notice of termination not less than 90 days prior to the end of such five-year term; provided, however, T&B shall have the right to terminate the license after the first year of the Term if LEA does not conduct the Business so as to meet the Cash Sales benchmarks set by the parties for years two through five of the Term, as set forth in Section 3.3, below.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless the Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will come into effect on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force for ten (10) years from the Launch (the "Initial Term"), or the date of expiry of the last valid patent of the Licensed Product, whichever comes later, subject to clauses 19.2, 19.3, 19.4 and 19.5 hereunder
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will commence on the Effective Date and will expire upon the earliest of (i) termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 14.2, or (ii) the date of payment of the last Approval Payment due based on all applicable Regulatory Approvals which have been received.
The term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article XII, shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration of Sanofi's payment obligations under Article IX or the Profit/Loss Share Agreement, whichever is later (the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 14 hereof (the "Term").
This Agreement commences on the date it is executed and shall continue until full performance by both parties, or until earlier terminated by one party under the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will be for the maximum period of six (6) months beginning for the commencement date, renewable in accordance with the terms hereof, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.
This Agreement will be in effect for three (3) years from the Effective Date ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Unless otherwise stated in the Appendix the term of this letter Agreement shall continue for twenty-four (24) months with the effective date unless terminated sooner or extended pursuant to the terms hereof ("Initial Term")
Contract end: 04-01-08
The initial term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and end twelve (12) months after the Launch (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b).
This Agreement and the provisions hereof, except as otherwise provided, shall be in full force and effect commencing on the date of execution by both Parties and shall extend for an initial term of two (2) years.
This Agreement will become effective as of the last date of signature (Effective Date) and shall, unless sooner terminated as provided below or as otherwise agreed, remain effective for an initial term of 10 Years following the first date of public availability of the PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Content within a THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION Property (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the date on which it is signed and affixed with the corporate seals by the authorized representative of each Party and have a term of five (5) years commencing as of the effective date hereof.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, except as set forth in Subsection (ii), continue in full force and effect through the Delivery Period.
This agreement will be in effect until the end of 2006 and will be evaluated at that time.
This Agreement shall take effect from the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect for twenty (20) years thereafter, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Clause 8.
Expiration Date: August 31, 2006
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on the Expiration Date set forth above (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 3(b).
The Term of the Agreement is hereby extended to January 20, 2012 unless sooner terminated as provided for in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be in effect until March 18. 2021, unless sooner terminated by either party upon (30) days written notice, without cause.
This contract shall remain in effect initially for the five (5) year term ("Initial Term") from the date signed and shall be automatically extended for one (1) year periods after the Initial Term ("Renewal Term") unless (i) either party provides written notice of its intention not to renew the Agreement within 180 days prior to any Renewal Term; or (ii) this Agreement is otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms of this Section 12.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate in _____________, on _____________, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement may be renewed for successive one (1) year periods if STAAR and Distributor expressly agree in writing and in their sole discretion to renew this Agreement prior to the foregoing termination date or any successive renewal term.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until September 1, 2045, unless earlier terminated by either Party pursuant to this Article 12 (the "Term").
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, all rights and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect for a period of eighteen (18) months after the initial theatrical release of that Property.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, including Robots, Kingdom of Heaven, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, In Her Shoes, Idiocracy (Oww My Balls) and Ice Age II, all right and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect until March 31, 2008."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Term") is the Effective Date through March 15, 2022.
This Agreement expires ten (10) years from the Agreement Date (the "Term"), unless it is terminated sooner as provided in other sections of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided under this Agreement, shall terminate five (5) years following the date of launch of the first Website, but in no event later than February 28, 2013 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue thereafter for a period of two (2) years, unless extended by written agreement of both parties or sooner terminated as set forth below.
This Agreement and the license granted herein shall remain effective until terminated.
Unless otherwise provided herein, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue through the completion or termination of Developer's services and work product as mutually agreed upon between the Parties (the Project).
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Commencement Date and will continue through December 31, 2022 or until this Agreement is otherwise terminated in accordance with its provisions ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate automatically without notice on December 31, 2022, unless the Parties agree in writing to extend the term of the Agreement (the initial term and any renewal terms are referred to collectively herein as the "Term").
This Second Amendment shall be effective from The Second Amendment Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2021.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue for a period of three (3) years therefrom (the "Term").
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue until termination as provided below.
This Agreement is for a term (the "Term") of 12 months from the Effective Date on June 1s t 2020 and expiring May 31st 2021.
This Agreement shall be in full force and effect commencing on January 2, 2020 and shall remain in effect for one (1) year or until Consultant completes the services requested
The term of this Agreement shall commence on January 10th, 2019 and shall expire on the day that is twenty-four (24) months from that date (the "Term of Engagement") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Term: twelve (12) months from the date of the Agreement which term shall automatically renew for an additional twelve (12) months on such date if the Agreement is not otherwise terminated according to Section 8 of the Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be the sooner of six (6) months from the Effective Date, or replacement of this Agreement with a subsequent agreement between the Parties.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the four-year anniversary of the Effective Date (such period, as it may be extended, either by the mutual written agreement of the parties or automatically, or earlier terminated being referred to as the "Consultation Period"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4, and shall automatically renew for successive one-year periods, unless the Company provides 90 days' notice of termination before any such successive period.
The term of this Agreement is for a period of five (5) years (the "Term") commencing on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the termination provisions of this Agreement, ending on January 31, 2025.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall expire twenty (20) years from the effective date of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
The term of this Agreement for the Hosted Site shall commence upon April 1, 1999 and shall continue for a period of six (6) months, unless earlier terminated in accordance with provisions hereof.
This Agreement shall continue in effect from the Effective Date for a one (1) year period, unless earlier terminated as set forth below, and thereafter shall renew automatically for successive one (1) year periods unless either party gives the other party at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of its intent not to renew the Agreement.
The effective term is 12 months beginning March 1, 2005 and ending February 28, 2006.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a period of 12 months thereafter (the "Period") in full force and effect until it is terminated in accordance with this Section 3.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated under this Article, shall continue in effect until the Conversion Date (the "Term"); provided that, with respect to any LMG Tools identified in Exhibit A as having a license term beyond the Conversion Date, TAG's License to, and LMG's obligation to provide LMG Services for, such LMG Tools shall survive for the period specified in Exhibit A.
The term of this Agreement is for ten (10) years commencing on the date of this Agreement, unless terminated as provided by this Agreement.
The obligations of the Agent pursuant to this Agreement shall terminate upon termination of the Offering, but in no event later than 45 days after the completion of the Subscription Offering (the "End Date").
The initial term of this Agreement is one (1) year from the date of delivery of the Product to Licensee unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
1 April 2009
The maintenance is for a period of one (1) year commencing upon expiration of the initial one (1) year term of the License/Services Schedule.
XIMAGE's obligations hereunder shall become effective upon the "Effective Date" and, unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall remain in full force and effect for at least one year thereafter.
This Agreement be deemed effective as of the Effective Date, Agreement and shall terminate on December 31, 2020, unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 3.2.
This Agreement shall continue in force until the earlier to occur of (i) the Owner no longer owns any Receivables or Participation Interests, and (ii) subject to Section 7(d), the delivery of written notice of termination by the Owner to the Servicer pursuant to Section 7(c), in each case upon which event this Agreement shall automatically terminate unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Servicer and the Owner.
Agent's appointment hereunder shall commence on the next business day after the later of (i) the date hereof, or (ii) the date Agent has confirmed that Client's records have been converted to Agent's system (the "Effective Date"), and shall continue for three years thereafter (the "Initial Term").
In relation to each Fund, this Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (a) the expiration of the term of such Fund or (b) the date, if any, on which Oaktree US (or any affiliate it has substituted in its stead in accordance with such Fund's Fund Agreement) is removed as general partner of such Fund or (c) the Sub-Advisor ceasing to be authorised and regulated by the FCA.
This Agreement shall take effect on the date of signature of the Agreement by both parties and shall terminate when all obligations required of both parties hereunder are performed unless either terminated earlier or extended by the parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement subject to clause 4.0.
At any time that there is no uncompleted Statement of Work outstanding, either party may terminate this Agreement for any or no reason upon fifteen (15) days advance notice to the other.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof and shall continue until terminated by either party pursuant to Paragraph 6 hereof.
The term of this Services Agreement shall begin on the date of execution and shall continue in effect for a period of two years.
Subject to the provisions for termination hereinafter provided, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a minimum period of 12 months (the "Minimum Period") and thereafter upon the mutual agreement of the Company and Maimon (the "Service Term").
This Agreement shall terminate (a) at the option of any party, upon 90 days' advance written notice to the other parties hereto; or (b) in the event of a material breach that has not been cured within ten days following a written notice of breach to the breaching party.
This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by the Parties.
The Appointment may be terminated by either party giving the other at least 12 months' notice in writing.
Your employment shall commence on 26 September 2019 and shall continue unless and until either party gives notice to the other in accordance with paragraph 11 below.
This Agreement shall terminate immediately and automatically upon the termination of Company's Participation Agreement(s) with the Funds, and in such event no notice need be given hereunder.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
"Service Period" means April. 1st 2019 through to March 30, 2020<omitted>The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
Subject to earlier termination as provided below, this Service Agreement is for the total duration of the Company's Offering (the "Initial Term") unless either party requests termination at least 30 days prior to the end of the then-current term.
The Executive's employment with the Company will commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue, subject to the remaining terms of this Agreement, until terminated by either party giving the other the following minimum advance written notice: 2.1.1 6 weeks' notice; 2.1.2 such other longer period as required by law.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the day and year first above written and shall govern the relations between the parties hereto thereafter, unless terminated as set forth in this Section 6.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year, commencing January 1, 2008 and ending on December 31, 2008.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate at the end of the Exclusivity Period (i.e., a three (3) year period commencing on the Effective Date).
Subject to the provisions of Section 14 hereof, the term of this Agreement and the sponsorship described herein shall commence on January 1, 2010 and extend through December 31, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be four (4) Processing Years commencing on the Effective Date of this Agreement and ending on June 30, 2010 unless
This Agreement shall automatically terminate at and as of (the first to occur of): (a) 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on the 30th day after the Effective Date (if Purchaser has not commenced the Offer, with the unanimous consent of the Sponsors, by then); (b) the expiration of the Offer (if the Offer is not consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), subject to any extension or subsequent offering period; and (c) the expiration of the Interim Period (if the Offer is consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), in any case, unless sooner terminated by unanimous written consent of the Participating Sponsors; provided, however, that any liability for failure to comply with this Agreement shall survive any such termination.
Unless otherwise terminated as specified in this Section 12, the ---- term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and will not end until the later of (a) twelve (12) months from the Launch Date; or (2) the date Intuit displays a total of 176,717,916 Impressions in accordance with the terms set forth herein ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the "Effective Date" and shall continue for ten (10) Contract Years, unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 6 of this Agreement or extended by renewal by written agreement of the Parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 13(o) of this Agreement (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided for herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence as of the date hereof and shall terminate at the end of the Season which is scheduled to end on October 12, 2002 (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and conclude on October 31, 2010, unless renewed by agreement or sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
If the Launch Date has not occurred by August 31, 1999, Sponsor shall, in its sole discretion, be entitled to terminate this Agreement without any liability and receive a full refund of all amounts paid by Sponsor to drkoop.com pursuant to this Agreement prior to the date of such termination.
The initial term (the "Initial Term"; and together with all extensions and renewals, the "Term") will begin on the date set forth above * * * (the "Launch Date") on which: (i) each of the Sponsor Areas of the drkoop.com Website are operational in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (other than the e-commerce tile placements); and (ii) the links to the<omitted>Sponsor Website or Vitamin Buzz contained in the Sponsor logos or the Sponsor banner advertisements are established in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, subject to earlier termination as set forth in this Agreement.
In the event that Excite has not delivered XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX clickthroughs to the Client Site by the end of twelve (12) months after the Launch Date, the first year of the term of the Agreement will be extended without additional sponsorship and advertising fees for up to an additional four (4) months.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not end until Excite displays of a total of XXXXXXXXXXXXX impressions of Client's advertising banners and promotional placements on the Excite Site and Excite has made reasonable commercial efforts to deliver, at minimum, a goal of XXXXXXXX clickthroughs to the Client Site.
Regardless of Excite's actual delivery of impressions and clickthroughs, the term of this Agreement will not be shorter than two (2) years after the display of the first of Client's advertising banners and promotional placements, subject to the termination rights set forth below.
The initial production period shall be for a period of two (2) months to commence on November 4, 1998 (the "Production Period"), and the remaining term of this Agreement shall be for a period of twenty four (24) months to commence on the tentative launch date of January 4, 1999, unless terminated earlier as provided herein (the "Promotion Period"), (The Production Period and the Promotion Period shall be collectively referred to as the "Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and, unless terminated as provided herein, shall continue through November 30, 1998.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on July 19, 1999 and shall ---- thereafter continue until all above described Sponsor benefits are completed, but in no event beyond the end of the 1999 season (the "Term").
If Hydron does not timely exercise its right to terminate this Agreement, then Hydron agrees that this Agreement shall continue for the entire four (4) year term unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end on the second (2nd) anniversary of the Commencement Date.
Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall take effect on December 1st, 2015 and shall expire on November 30, 2016.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the specific terms of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not end until Excite displays a total of [*****] impressions of the Client advertising banners and promotional placements on the Excite Network as described in this Agreement and pushes [*****] emails using the email vehicles specified in Exhibit B
The services described herein to be provided by Agency shall begin upon execution and delivery of the Outsourcing Agreement and shall continue until termination of Contractor's activities to administer the Notes thereunder.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the date first set forth above, and shall continue in full force and effect until terminated as provided below.
The initial term ("Initial Term") of this Agreement shall be for one year commencing on the 1st day of May, 2006 ("Effective Date").
This agreement shall commence on January 20, 2014 (the "Effective Date") and shall continue in effect for six (6) months (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of the contracted agreement is 5 years from the commencement date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and extend for three (3) years thereafter ("INITIAL TERM"), with an automatic renewal for an indefinite period of time ("EXTENDED TERM"), unless terminated by the parties according to Sections 16.2. or 16.3. herein.
The term of this Agreement will commence on January 1, 1998 (the "Effective Date") and will end on December 31, 1998.
"Term" shall mean the period commencing on the Effective Date and terminating on the eighth anniversary of the Commencement Date, unless the Agreement is extended in accordance with its provisions.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on November 30, 2014 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall be valid for an indefinite period.
This Attachment and its Product Attachments shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in Section 5.0 of the Base Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in Section 5.0.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms hereof, the term of this Agreement shall end on the seventh anniversary of the date hereof.
This Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement will be for two (2) year(s) commencing on the Effective Date.
This Agreement is effective as of August 1, 2004, (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate on July 31, 2009, (the "Termination Date") unless earlier terminated or extended as provided for herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date unless sooner terminated pursuant to the termination provisions herein.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of 1 year after the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated as set forth herein (the "TERM").
This Amendment shall enter into force on the date of its signature by both Parties and, unless otherwise agreed upon in writing by the Parties through a subsequent amendment to the GMA, shall remain in force for the term of the referenced GMA.
The Agreement shall end on the End Date without any further action, unless otherwise provided under this Agreement.
"End Date" means the date on which this Agreement is terminated or expires, and shall be the earlier to occur of the following, as appropriate: (i) the end of the Initial Term as defined in Clause 3.1of this Agreement; or, (ii) the end of the term of each annual renewal of this Agreement as per Clause 3.2 of this Agreement; or, (iii) the date on which all or part of this Agreement is terminated as per Clause 16 ("Termination");
The Agreement enters into force on the Signing Date; it will have a duration of [*****] as from the Start Date (the "Initial Term").
The first paid (Initial) Maintenance Term shall commence upon expiration of the Warranty Period and shall continue for twelve (12) months thereafter.
This Agreement shall apply and remain in effect from the Effective Date and perpetually thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the Section entitled "Termination."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the date that payment is due for Minimum Payment Period 7, pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof and as set forth in Attachment B hereof, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
This Agreement shall come into force on the Effective Date and shall remain in force and effect for a period of [Redacted - Commercially Sensitive - Term Details] , unless this Agreement is extended or previously terminated in accordance with this clause 12, pursuant to clause 15.1 (Force Majeure), or (ii) by the mutual written consent of the Parties (the "Term").
The Agreement shall have an initial term of ten (10) years commencing from the Effective Date and ending on the tenth (10th) anniversary thereof (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of Section 15.2 or Section 15.3.
The "Term" shall begin on the date hereof and shall expire December 31, 2023, subject to early termination pursuant to the terms of Section 19. Flotek, may, by written notice given to FCC on or before September 30, 2023, elect for the Term to be extended to December 31, 2024.
TERM OF EXECUTION From January 30, 2012 until July 29, 2012
Subject to the General Terms and Conditions of Transporter's FERC Gas Tariff and Rate Schedule FTS/ITS, this Agreement shall be effective as of the date of physical completion of and initial deliveries on Transporter's pipeline and shall continue for a primary term of ten years.
This Agreement shall be effective from the date first above written and shall continue indefinitely until terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
The Agreement shall continue through the project's in-service date and for a period of fifteen (15) years after the project's in-service date ("Initial Term").
"Initial Term" means the period commencing on the Effective Date and concluding on the last day of the month in which the fifth anniversary of the Offtake Agreement Effective Date falls.
"Offtake Agreement" means that certain Crude Oil Sale and Purchase Agreement between the Principal and STASCO dated 1 November 1999.
This contract shall be effective as of November 1, 2002, and shall remain in force and effect, unless modified as per Exhibit B, until October 31, 2012.
"Royalty Term" means, with respect to sales of a Product in the Territory, the time period beginning on the First Commercial Sale of such Product in the Territory and expiring on the latest of the following dates: (a) *** (b) *** (c) ***<omitted>Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall continue in effect until the expiration of the Royalty Term as defined in Section 1.87 ("Term"), and thereafter Green Cross has no remaining payment obligations with respect to the Products pursuant to Section 8.5 above and MacroGenics shall have no further obligations hereunder.
The term of the agreement is 20 years, during which if any main equipment of any Party stops operation due to technical problem or at the end of its life cycle, the agreement shall be automatically terminated.
This Agreement shall come into force as of January 1, 2013 and remain valid for 1 year.
As of the effective date hereof, the original cooperation of mobile game business executed between the Parties shall terminate automatically.
Party A and Party B agree and confirm that the term of cooperation under this Agreement shall commence from the execution date hereof and end on the expiration date of the operation term of Party B ("Term of Cooperation").
Unless this Agreement is early terminated in accordance with this Agreement or other agreements signed by the Parties hereof, the term of the validity of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date.
"Intended End of Term" means the later of (a) the seventh (7th) anniversary of the Effective Date and (b) the date determined to be the "Intended End of Term" under Section 7.2.2(d) (Effects of Tolling).<omitted>This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms, including by Ginkgo pursuant to Section 7.3 (Buy-Down Election) or extended by the mutual written agreement of the Parties, shall continue until the Intended End of Term (such time period, as may be extended pursuant to this Section 13.3.1 (Term - General), the "Term"); provided that, if,<omitted>at the expiration of the Intended End of Term, Ginkgo has paid the Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitment, but will not have paid to BLI the Full Purchase Target, then the Term of this Agreement shall automatically extend for an additional [***] ([***]) year period from the date of the expiration of the then-Intended End of Term so that, among other things, BLI may potentially receive the benefit of the Full Purchase Target and Ginkgo may receive the continuing benefit of royalty-free licenses.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial term of three (3) years from the Promotion Commencement Date, divided into three one-year periods.
Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall commence effective June 1, 1998, and shall continue for a term of three (3) years expiring May 31, 2001 (the "Term").
"Term" means the earlier of: (a) the end of the two year period from the Effective Date to 31 July 2013; or (b) the last day of the calendar month within which the Maximum Distribution Commitment is reached.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as set out in this Agreement, shall continue for the Term.
This promotion shall begin on June 1,1999 and shall terminate June 1, 2000 (herein "Term")
The Joint Venture shall commence on the 1st of March, 2003, and shall be effective until February 28, 2004 unless extended by written agreement of the Joint Venturers not less than thirty (30) days prior to scheduled termination.
Except as otherwise provided herein, the term of this Agreement is three (3) years from the Execution Date ("Cooperation Period").
The term of this Agreement is twelve (12) months from the date hereof, and will be automatically renewed for one (1) additional twelve month period unless either party shall notify the other in writing of its intention not to renew.
This Agreement is effective as of the date hereof and shall remain in full force and effect for the period (the "Covered Period") commencing on the date hereof and ending on the date that is the earliest of: (i) the Company's failure to appoint the ValueAct Designee to the Board following the ValueAct Group's written request to the Company to have the ValueAct Designee appointed to the Board pursuant to Section 1(a) of this Agreement; (ii) the failure of the Company to comply in good faith with Section 1(e) of this Agreement; or (iii) the date which is the 60t h day prior to the Company's 2016 annual meeting of stockholders.
This Agreement shall take effect as of the Effective Date and shall expire upon completion of the Project as set forth in the Project Plan and after payment of all payments due and payable according to this Agreement, unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
"Expiration Date" means March 31, 2020.
The Joint Venture is a fixed term Joint Venture beginning November 27, 2018 and ending November 30th, 2019 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on February 1, 1998 and end on the first anniversary of the date of this Agreement; provided that (a) either party may terminate this Agreement, effective at any time after the first three months of the Term, by giving 30 days' written notice of termination to the other party, and (b) either party may terminate this Agreement at any time by giving written notice of termination to the other party, if the other party commits a material breach of its obligations hereunder that is not cured within 30 days after notice thereof from the non-breaching party.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue, unless terminated sooner in accordance with this Article VIII, until June 27, 2011 (the "Term").
This Agreement shall continue until terminated as provided herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated under the terms of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the Services to be provided with respect to any Account which is registered as an investment company under the 1940 Act (herein referred to as a "registered investment company") are services referred to in the definition of "investment advisor" under Section 202(a)(11) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (herein referred to as "investment advisory services"), then with respect to such Account, this Agreement: (i) shall not commence until the effective date of its approval by the board of directors or trustees ("Board") of such Account; (ii) shall continue from year to year thereafter, subject to the provisions for termination and all other terms and conditions hereof, only if such continuation shall be specifically approved at least annually by a majority of the Board, including a majority of the members of the Board who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons of any such party (other than as members of the Board) cast in person at a meeting called for that purpose; (iii) may be terminated at any time without the payment of any penalty by the Board or by a vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities (as defined in Section 2(a)(42) of the 1940 Act) of the Account on 60 days' written notice to the Adviser; (iv) shall automatically terminate in the event of (A) its assignment (as defined in the 1940 Act) or (B) termination of the Advisory Agreement for any reason whatsoever.
Subject to the remaining provisions of this Section, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the effective date first above written and shall continue until terminated by mutual agreement of the parties hereto or by either party on not less than 60 days' written notice to the other party hereto.
This Limited Power of Attorney shall be revoked and terminated automatically upon the cancellation or termination of the Services Agreement or as to any Fund upon the cancellation or termination of the Adviser's Investment Advisory Contract for such Fund.
Unless otherwise mutually agreed to by the Parties, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end upon expiration of the Term, unless terminated early as contemplated hereunder.
"Term" means, on a Country-by-Country and Collaboration Product-by-Collaboration Product basis, the period from the Effective Date until the later of (a) the expiration or termination of the last Valid Claim of a Patent Right covering the Pooled Compound in such Collaboration Product in such Country, and (b) fifteen (15) years from First Commercial Sale in such Country, unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with Article 14.
The term of the CDx Development Program shall be five (5) years.
The term for Database Insights under Section 3.1.8 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Database Insights Term").
The term "Agreement Term" shall mean the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is terminated sooner as provided in Article 17, expiring on the date when all work has been completed or terminated under all R&D Plans.
The initial term of the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program will be five (5) years beginning on the Effective Date.
The term for Sample Profiling set forth in Section 3.1.4 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Profiling Term").
This Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue for the Agreement Term.
The initial term of the ctDNA Platform Development Program will be twelve (12) months.
The initial term of this Agreement shall, unless sooner terminated by consent of all parties, expires in five (5) years from the date of Effective Date.
The Contract Term shall extend for a period of fifty (50) years.
This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date, and will continue until the expiration of the "Sales Term" as that term is defined in the Sales Dealer Agreement dated as of August 16, 2017 between Vivint and Vivint Solar Developer, LLC (the "Term")."
The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years, subject to the prior termination rights provided below.
Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, this Agreement continues in effect for an initial term of seven (7) years ("Initial Term") and will automatically renew for one or more annual periods after the Initial Term (each a "Renewal Term") unless either party gives notice of non-renewal at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the beginning of any Renewal Term.
The duration of this Venture (the "Term") will begin on March 1, 2020 and continue in full force and effect until February 28, 2025 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
This Amendment shall only become effective upon the VNBJ Closing with respect to Article 1.1 and the VNBZ Closing with respect to Article 1.2, and shall terminate without any force or effect in the event that the VNBJ SPA and the VNBZ SPA are terminated in accordance with the terms thereof.
This JV Agreement shall become effective on the signing date and shall have a duration of * years, extendable for a further * years, unless notice of non- renewal is sent one year before the natural expiry date.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of execution and shall continue in force and effect for an indefinite term thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the provisions of Article 16 or by all the Parties in writing.
This agreement shall terminate: a. Automatically if any public authority cancels or declines to renew the Agency's license or Certificate of Authority. b. Immediately if either party gives detailed written notice to the other of alleged gross and willful misconduct, fraud or material misrepresentation.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date hereof and shall terminate upon the termination of the Offering.
This Agreement will become effective as of the date first written above and will continue in effect thereafter until terminated pursuant to Paragraph 4.2 below.
This Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years commencing upon the Effective Date hereof unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement (the "Initial Term").
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the later to occur of the date that is (x) three (3) years from the date hereof and (y) the date on which an affiliate of Freedom Mortgage is not acting as the external manager of Cherry Hill.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years following the Effective Date or until the Studies are completed, whichever is later, unless extended or unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof.
Term: This Study Order will continue until the Study is completed, which is expected to be ________ (__) months after the Effective Date, or until terminated early as provided in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the date first set forth above and, shall expire on the later of (i) five (5) years from the date hereof, or (ii) with respect to any projects identified in any contract for which VET TECH is billing the client directly, upon the completion of COOL TECH's Services and receipt of payment by COOL TECH from VET TECH for said services.
Unless terminated sooner, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years thereafter (the "Initial Term") and shall automatically renew for additional one (1) year terms on the terms and conditions set forth herein (each a "Renewal Term" and collectively, the "Term") unless either party gives the other Party Notice of its intention to terminate this Agreement ninety (90) days before the end of the Initial Term or Renewal Term, if any.
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this ---- Agreement shall terminate on the later of (i) the third anniversary of the Effective Date or (ii) the date on which ETI ceases to be a Subsidiary of NTL.
THIS STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), made effective this 17t h day of February 2016, through February 16, 2019 (the "Initial Term") i
Either party may terminate this agreement after 3 years following the effective date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall remain in effect for a period of 5 years ("Initial Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years from the date of execution and may be extended subject to satisfactory agreement on ongoing commercial terms, to be agreed two (2) months prior to the expiration of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until the later of (a) the fourth (4th) anniversary of the Effective Date, or (b) the completion or termination of the Research and receipt by LBIO of all deliverables due from MD Anderson hereunder, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.2 or Section 9.14.
This Agreement is effective on the Effective Date and shah continue in effect until the earlier of (a) the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date, and (b) termination by either Party for any reason upon thirty (30) days' written notice to the other Party; provided, however, that no Party shall be able to terminate this Agreement so long as such Party is a Defaulting Party under this Agreement.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until it is terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 15 of this Agreement ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and will continue in effect until five (5) year(s) from such date (the "Initial Term") unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 25.
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Initial Term") will be ten (10) years from the Effective Date, provided that at any time following the 7th anniversary of such date, either party may terminate such strategic alliance upon not less than 60 days' prior written notice to the other party.
The rights and obligations of the Farids Group set forth in this Article VI (other than those set forth in Sections 6.8 and 6.9) shall terminate on the date that the Farids Group owns less than 3% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock, but in no event earlier than the Expiration Date (as defined in the Warrant).
The term of this Agreement is twenty-four (24) months.
This Agreement shall be for an initial term of five (5) years, and unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall automatically renew for an additional term of five (5) years thereafter.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for a term of ten (10) years, unless previously terminated in accordance with Clause 15 (Termination).
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of two (2) years ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 11 of this Agreement.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 4.2 or 4.3, this Agreement will be in effect from the Effective Date until completion of the Research Program.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of three (3) years after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement is effective on the day of May 1, 2013 and the effective term is the same as the Cooperation Ter
The Cooperation Term of the parties shall be two years from May 1, 2013 to April 30, 2015.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, (i) that this Section 8 shall survive any such termination and (ii) no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, shall continue in full force and effect until terminated pursuant to this Article 18.
This Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of: (i) the conclusion of the Standstill Period or (ii) delivery of written notice by one Party to the other Party of a material breach of this Agreement by the breaching Party that is uncured after ten (10) calendar days of notice of such breach.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement will be effective as of the date of its execution, and term of the Cooperation will be four years from the date on which the channel is uploaded.<omitted>The channel is expected to be uploaded on August 1, 201
Unless otherwise mutual agreed between the Parties, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the earlier of the below events occur: (a) The fifth (5t h) anniversary of this Agreement; and (b) Otkritie ceasing to own more than 2,237,216 class B shares or American depositary shares of QIWI.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period in accordance with Section 4, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
Subject to the other provisions contained herein, this AGREEMENT shall be for a term of thirty (30) years from the Effective Date, which shall automatically renew from year-to-year thereafter unless terminated by a Party upon sixty (60) days' written notice after the end of the term.
The term of this Agreement shall be fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the following provisions of this Article:
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this IP Agreement shall extend until the last date of expiration of the SRAM Intellectual Property rights licensed under this IP Agreement.
The term of this Agreement is five (5) years unless the early termination in accordance with this Agreement.
The provisions of this Agreement, including the license rights provided in this Article III, shall not be terminable or revocable for any reason.
The term of this IP Agreement shall be from the Effective Date until all of the Intellectual Property licensed hereunder is in the public domain (provided, however, that in such event the representations and warranties in Article III shall survive (and terminate) in accordance with the Acquisition Agreement) or this IP Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 4.3.
This Agreement shall remain in effect for sixty (60) months from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
Unless otherwise agreed in writing by Accuray and Distributor and subject to the termination rights contained in this Agreement, this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until the termination of the Strategic Alliance Agreement; provided, however, that if a Termination Election relating to this Agreement is made pursuant to Section 10.3 of the Strategic Alliance Agreement prior to such termination, this Agreement shall terminate 36 months after such Termination Election (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement shall terminate on May 31, 2015, unless sooner terminated.
As provided for in this Section 1, the term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years, beginning on the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"); provided, however, the Initial Term shall be subject to automatic successive renewal terms of three (3) years each (the "Renewal Terms" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
The terms of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date and will be automatically renewed on each anniversary of the effective date, for a renewal term of one year unless either party provides written notification of its intention not to renew this Agreement at least one month prior to the expiration of the initial or any renewal terms.
Distributor's appointment is for a term of one year from the Effective Date, renewable automatically unless terminated under Section 18
The Term will commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and will remain in effect, unless sooner terminated under paragraphs 5.2, 5.3, or 5.4, until the termination date specified in Exhibit A.
September 30, 1997
This Agreement shall have an initial term of one (1) year from the date first above written (the "Initial Term"), and shall thereafter automatically renew for successive two (2) year periods (each a "Renewal Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement shall be two (2) years from the Effective Date with automatic annual renewals thereafter provided either party does not provide sixty (60) days notice of termination prior to the renewal date or the Agreement is not otherwise terminated as set forth in Section 8.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) calendar years from the Agreement date.
The term of this Agreement shall be ten (10) years (the "Term") which shall commence on the date upon which the Company delivers to Distributor the last Sample, as defined hereinafter.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date first above written and shall terminate on 31 December 2006, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years from the date first set forth above and shall thereafter automatically renew for additional two (2) year terms unless a party provides the other party with notice of non-renewal no less than 6 months prior to the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term unless earlier terminated as follows
April 15, 2000 through October 15, 2000 (6 Months from the Effective Date)
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) years from the Effective Date and shall thereafter be automatically renewed for subsequent one (1) year periods unless either party notifies the other in writing of its election not to renew the Agreement at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the expiration of the then-current term.
Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until terminated by either Party upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice.
This contract shall be for a term of one year commencing on the date first above written; thereafter, it shall automatically continue until terminated by either party upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for 3 years (the "Initial Term") commencing on the date first set forth above (the "Commencement Date") and ending on the 3rd anniversary of the Commencement Date.
The Term of this Agreement shall be for a period of [* ****] years and [*****] months commencing the 1st day of September 2004 and terminating the [*****] day of [*****].
The term of the license hereby granted shall commence August 1, 1995 and continue until January 30, 2000, unless sooner terminated in the manner provided in the immediately succeeding sentence or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
Unless otherwise provided for in this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall be three years, commencing on the date of this Agreement and expiring on the third anniversary date of this Agreement (the "Termination Date").
The COMPANY agrees to a one year engagement to contract the CELEBRITY to speak at the company meetings and seminars along with endorsement of the Company products.
Notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement shall terminate upon the Trust's payment to the Company of the sum of the aggregate amount of the premiums paid under the Policy since inception (which amount includes the outstanding principal balance of the Demand Note).
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing on January 1, 2000 and concluding December 31, 2003, unless terminated sooner as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall extend from the date of execution hereof through and until _______, unless extended by written agreement of the parties.
The term of this Agreement shall commence January 1, 1996, and shall continue for a period of three (3) years, concluding December 31, 1998.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing as of May 31, 1999 and concluding May 31, 2000.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Article 13, shall continue in full force and effect, on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the Secondary Royalty Term with respect to such Product expires, at which time this Agreement shall expire in its entirety with respect to such Product in such country.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and unless terminated earlier by mutual written agreement of the Parties or pursuant to Section 9.2 (Termination At Will) or Section 9.3 (Termination for Cause) below, the term of this Agreement shall continue in effect until Achaogen ceases development and commercialization of Plazomicin ("Term").
Except as provided in Sections 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, and 6.5, this Agreement shall terminate one (1) year from the Rig Release Date, if such has not been terminated sooner pursuant to the provisions hereof.
The term of this Agreement shall be for 10 years commencing on the date of execution of this Agreement by AIRSOPURE.
The Term shall begin on the Effective Date and will end, without further notice, on the Expiration Date set forth in the Addendum, unless terminated earlier under the terms of this Agreement.<omitted>Expiration Date: at midnight on the last day of the month fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date
The term of this Agreement starts on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is earlier terminated in accordance with its provisions, will expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date.
You must operate the Franchise at a mutually agreeable site (the "Premises") to be identified after the signing of this Agreement, and to use the System and the Marks in the operation of that Franchise, for a term of 10 years (the "Initial Term")
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, this Agreement will expire on _______________________________________.
This Agreement shall be effective as of that date (the "Effective Date") the Site becomes fully operational as set forth in writing and executed by both Parties and shall continue for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date.
This Agreement will be effective beginning on 12:01 a.m., Eastern Time, on the day after the date of last signature to these Base Terms ("Effective Date") and ending on the expiration and/or termination of all Service Option Attachments, unless the Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and will terminate on the third anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreemen
This Agreement will take effect on the Effective Date and remain in effect for a period of 1 year; provided, that Sections 2 and 3 level shall terminate promptly upon (a) any action or omission by Client or any of its customers which constitutes a breach of or default by TrueLink under any System Agreement or Credit Repository Agreement, which breach or default has either not been cured or cannot be cured within the applicable cure period and the consequences of which is that TrueLink will lose material rights it had pursuant to said Agreements or (b) any violations or breach by Client of Sections 8a - 8c.
This agreement shall be for a term of five years from the date of this document.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.
"Term" means the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and continuing thereafter indefinitely until this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 10 below.
Subject to early termination of this Agreement pursuant to Sections 7.2, 7.3 or 7.4, this Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue until the expiration or earlier termination of the Development and License Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid for a period of five (5) years with automatic renewal of one year thereafter until terminated<omitted>by either party with one (1) year written notice prior to the expiration of the initial period or any extension period thereof.
Unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 12.2 below, the initial term of this Agreement shall expire on 31 December 2024 (the "Initial Term") unless the Parties mutually agree in writing any extension to the Initial Term.
This Agreement shall have a term of four (4) years from the effective date first set forth above, and shall automatically renew for additional one year terms unless earlier terminated by either party.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall extend for a period of Five (5) years thereafter ("Initial Term"), unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein or is extended by mutual written agreement of the Parties.
Unless terminated earlier as provided herein, this Agreement shall terminate on the date three (3) years from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement is three years from and including the date of this Agreement (the "Initial Term"), with automatic renewal for additional successive one-year terms (each a "Renewal Term" and together wit the Initial Term, the "Term") unless no later than [* * *] days prior to the end of the Initial Term, or any Renewal Term either party notifies the other that it wishes to terminate this Agreement effective the end of the Initial Term or that Renewal Term, as applicable.
Except as otherwise set forth in Sections 9.2 and 9.3 or Exhibit A hereof, the term of this Agreement shall be eighteen (18) months ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for a period of one year from the date of its execution and from year to year thereafter provided such continuance is specifically approved by a majority of the trustees of the Trust who (i) are not "interested persons" of the Trust or any other party to this Agreement, as defined in the 1940 Act, and (ii) have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of this Agreement ("Non- Interested Trustees").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3 of this Agreement, shall continue until the twentieth (20th) anniversary of the Effective Date; provided, however, (i) Operator shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Owner, if Operator provides a substitute operator acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, who (A) has experience operating similar assets, (B) has the ability to provide at least the same quality of service as Operator, (C) has the financial ability to perform the obligations hereunder, and (D) is ready, willing and able to execute an operation and maintenance agreement substantially similar to this Agreement and acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, and (ii) Owner shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Operator.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 8, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
To the extent not terminated previously by AIG pursuant to the foregoing, this Agreement will terminate automatically one year after the closing of any sale of the Company by AIG, and all provisions hereof will be of no further force and effect.
It shall be effective on 06 October 2000 and shall have a duration of two years.
Subject to termination pursuant to this Agreement, the Non Exclusive license granted by Licensor to Licensee shall be for an initial period of 36 months, commencing from the acceptance date, (the "Initial Period").
This Agreement and the license granted under this Agreement shall remain in effect perpetually as long as fees are paid by Sparkling in accordance with the Fee Schedule and the Agreement is not otherwise terminated in accordance with this Section.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for an initial period of five years until terminated in the manner described in Clause 16 below.
In addition, DCL may terminate this Agreement with effect from the 3rd, 4th or 5th anniversary of the Commencement Date by giving not less than six months notice in writing to SEV
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Services Commencement Date and remain effective for ten (10) years (the "Initial Term") unless terminated in accordance with its terms.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in operation for at least a period of twenty-five (25) years (hereinafter called "Initial Period") after the RFCS Date and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
This Agreement shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of: (i) the date on which the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement equal $5,000,000; (ii) the Release Date (as defined in Section 19) or (iii) payment in full, in cash, of all Obligations and the termination of the Financing Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement is less than $5,000,000 and any payment, or any part thereof, on account of any of the Obligations is invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Agent or the Lenders upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or reorganization of any Borrower or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for any Borrower, or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Article 9.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date and year first above written and shall continue in operation for at least an initial period of twenty-five (25) years following the RFS Date (hereinafter referred to as "initial Period") and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
Subject to the provisions of this AGREEMENT, and with effect from the date when the party signing last in time appends its signature to this agreement ("the effective date"), and enduring in perpetuity unless terminated as provided for elsewhere in this AGREEMENT, SAP AFRICA grants, and TELKOM accepts a non-exclusive, non-transferable licence to USE the SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION and other SAP AFRICA PROPRIETARY INFORMATION at the specified DESIGNATED SITE within the TERRITORY.
The licence granted hereunder shall become effective upon execution of this AGREEMENT by both parties and shall endure indefinitely unless terminated under clause 6. 2.
Upon expiration of that 12 months, MMMW affords the Customer the opportunity of a continuation of support on an annual basis as follows: The Initial Term of this Technical Infrastructure Maintenance Agreement is twelve months, commencing on the Effective Date.
This Agreement commences on the date first above written, and will remain in effect for the period of five (5) years, except as otherwise provided herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 7, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, shall continue for the duration of the Lease, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3.
The initial period of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue until March 31, 2003.
This OMA shall expire upon the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the Effective Date and (ii) the date that all Shares of Stock of the Seller Trusts as set forth on Schedule A hereto have been sold (the "Term").
The Term will be 3 years from Effective Date with an automatic 2 year term extensions unless otherwise advised by one of the Parties.
This Agreement between HEMISPHERX and SCIEN shall be in effect beginning the last date of execution set forth on the signature page to the Agreement (the "Effective Date") to which this Quality Agreement is Exhibit 2 and remain in effect until HEMISPHERX and SCIEN terminate the Agreement or it is superseded by a revised Quality Agreement executed by both parties.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue unless and until terminated as provided herein.
Subject to Article 22.2, this Agreement shall remain in force for an Initial Period of 1 year, which may be renewed by mutual consent for such period as the Parties may agree ("Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement or for any of the following reasons:
This Agreement begins on the Effective Date and shall continue indefinitely unless sooner terminated as provided in this Article 5.
This Agreement shall terminate as to the Remarketing Agent and its obligations hereunder with respect to VRRM-MFP Shares upon the earliest to occur of (a) the effective date of the resignation or removal of such Remarketing Agent pursuant to Section 5(a) and Section 5(b), respectively, (b) the completion of a successful Transition Remarketing on a New Mode Commencement Date in connection with transition to a new Mode, or (c) the date on which no VRRM-MFP Shares are Outstanding.
In addition, the<omitted>obligations of the Remarketing Agents may be terminated by them by notice given to the Company prior to 12:00 noon, New York City time on the Remarketing Settlement Date if, prior to that time, any of the applicable conditions precedent to the obligations of the Remarketing Agents described in Section 5 hereof shall have failed to occur.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to earlier termination in accordance with the provisions of Section 16, shall continue in force for a period being the longer of fifteen (15) years from first Commercial Launch of the Product in the Territory or until the expiration of the last valid claim in the PPI Patents covering the Product in any country of the Territory (the "Initial Term").
In addition, the obligations of the Remarketing Agent hereunder may be terminated by it by notice given to the Company prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date immediately preceding the Commencement Date if, prior to that time, any of the events described in Sections 6(i), (j) or (k) shall have occurred.
This Agreement shall terminate (i) the Business Day immediately following the Remarketing Settlement Date, (ii) at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the last date of the Remarketing if the Remarketing is not successful or (iii) on the effective date of the resignation or removal of the Remarketing Agent and the appointment of a new Remarketing Agent.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Agreement or extended by mutual agreement between the parties, shall continue in effect for thirty six (36) months following the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall be effective on the later of the dates that it is executed by Imprimis and Surgical (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate pursuant to the terms of the SOW (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided in this Agreement, the initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period beginning on the Effective Date and ending ten (10) years thereafter unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall be five years commencing on the Effective Date and ending at the close of business on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement shall commence with the first race ----- of the 1998 Winston Cup season and shall continue until the final race of the year-2000 Winston Cup season.
The term of this Agreement will begin on December 15, 1997 and will end the later of (i) December 15, 1999 or (ii) Excite's delivery of all of the guaranteed Click-throughs described in Section 1(f).
This Agreement shall terminate and, subject to the provisions set forth below, be of no further force or effect on the exercise by the Sponsor of its right to terminate this Agreement as provided in subsection 6.2, provided that, in any event, sections 3, 7 and 8 and, in the event that such termination occurs by virtue of paragraph 6.2(b), subsection 2.5 shall not terminate (except as set forth therein) and shall continue in full force and effect for the benefit of the Sponsor or the other parties to this Agreement, as the case may be.
The term (the "Term") shall commence on November 1, 2007 and end on October 31, 2008 (unless terminated earlier in accordance with the General Provisions).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force and effect until one (1) year subsequent to the Effective Date, provided however, that Tickets may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon thirty (30) days' notice to MP3. com at any time prior to the expiration of sixty (60) days subsequent to the Effective Date.
This term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and terminates on August 2nd, 2015 upon completion of event.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for six (6) months.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue in effect for a period of five (5) years (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions set out herein.
This Agreement shall continue in force for a term of twelve (12) months from the Effective Date, unless terminated earlier under the provisions of this Article 8 (the "Term"); PROVIDED that TouchStar shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time after the Effective Date upon not less than fifteen (15) days' prior written notice to Reseller.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for an Initial Term of five (5) years, and will automatically renew for additional periods of five (5) years unless one Party notifies the other of its intention not to renew, no less than 12 months prior to the expiration of the then-current term, unless terminated as permitted under this Agreement.
This Agreement comes into force as of the Effective Date and shall remain valid during the term of the LSA.
This Supply Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue for a period of [***] unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Supply Agreement.
Unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.2 below, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a FIVE (5) year period.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of its execution and shall remain in force for three years (the "Initial Term").
The term of this Supply Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date first set forth above and shall remain in effect until the later of (a) July 31, 2021 or (b) the date that the Parties enter into the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement and Sutro is supplying to SutroVax each Product under the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement (the "Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with Section 10.2.
The term of this Agreement will commence upon the Effective Date and will continue until the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated or extended under this Article 8 (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of the Services, unless terminated as set out herein, shall continue up to and including 28 February 2000 ("the Initial Term").
This Development Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and continue for four (4) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 10.2, or unless the parties extend the term by mutual written Development Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement will be in effect for one year from the Effective Date and will automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods unless terminated as provided below.
This Agreement shall be effective through and including March 31, 2004.
This Agreement shall be effective until the earlier of (a) its termination in accordance with the provisions of this Article 14 or (b) the date that is two (2) years after the date of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement will renew automatically for successive terms of one (1) year each unless a party to this Agreement delivers written notice of termination to the other party to this Agreement at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the original or any renewal term or the parties to this Agreement do not agree in writing to the Quota Amount referred to in subsection 14.2(b)(1) for any one (1) year renewal term at least sixty (60) days prior to the commencement of such term.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on January 1, 2000 and continue for an initial period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 7 hereof, and may be renewed under Section 8 hereof (the initial period plus any renewal period, the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This agreement shall begin upon the date of its execution by MA and acceptance in writing by Company and shall remain in effect until the end of the current calendar year and shall be automatically renewed for successive one (1) year periods unless otherwise terminated according to the cancellation or termination provisions contained in paragraph 18 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall terminate on June 30, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement commences as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to any express provision of this Agreement, shall continue until five (5) years following the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b) [Term and Termination].
The term of this Agreement shall be effective as of the date first stated above and shall continue for a term of three (3) years, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement (the "Term"); provided, however, that PrimeCall may elect to terminate this Agreement, upon thirty (30) days' written notice, at any time from and after the time that collectively RSL Communications, Ltd. and/or its Affiliates holds less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of DeltaThree's outstanding shares.
This Agreement will become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated pursuant to Sections 3.1<omitted>, shall remain effective for two (2) years from and after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This agreement shall commence as of date first above written, and shall Continue through December 31, 2004 ("the Term").
The Term shall commence on July 23, 2013 and shall expire on July 22, 2016, unless otherwise terminated earlier pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall have an Initial Term of three (3) years.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for a period of five years following the initial date of execution of the Memorandum, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 6.2 or Section 2.8 ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall begin as of the Effective Date and continue until Acceptance of all Deliverables for Milestones #1 and #2 pursuant to Section 3.4 and completion of Milestone #3, unless earlier terminated under Section 8.2, as provided for under the Other Agreements, or as mutually agreed by the Parties.
The term of this Agreement shall automatically become effective upon the occurrence of (i) ETON executing a commercial supply agreement with a contract manufacturing organization within forty-five (45) days of the Execution Date, provided that ETON has exercised best efforts to execute such agreement and the failure to execute is solely caused by the refusal or inability of the proposed manufacturing organization to sign a reasonable agreement; and (ii) acceptance for review of the Dossier or marketing application for [ * * * ] by the FDA no later than September 2, 2019 (such date, the "Effective Date") and shall end upon the termination or expiration of the Agreement as set forth in Section 11 (the "Term").
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Article, this Agreement will continue in full force beginning on the Effective Date and ending two (2) years thereafter ("Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the longer of the first anniversary of the Effective Date or the duration of the Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement (the "Term").
This agreement begins on the Commencement Date and, subject to clause 11.2, shall continue for an initial term of one (1) years (Initial Term) and indefinitely after that until terminated by either party giving at least twelve (12) months' prior written notice to expire on or after the expiry date of the initial term.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date first written above and shall continue in effect for a period of Three (3) years.
This Agreement shall become effective upon the date first written above and shall remain in full force and effect for a period of two years (2), unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions in this Agreement.
Unless terminated earlier as provided in this agreement, this Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms hereo
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and automatically renewing annually thereafter, unless either party provides a thirty-day notice of written termination one to the other ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of four (4) years, commencing on the Effective Date, which term may be extended for up to three (3) years by written agreement of both Parties prior to the expiration date of the initial term or any extension thereof (collectively, the "Term").
The term of the Franchise shall be twenty (20) years, commencing on January 1, 2016.
The term of this Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue until terminated as hereinafter provided (the "Term").
Terms of the project: 12 weeks from February 8, 2018 to May 3, 2018
This Agreement shall come into force on the Date of the Agreement, and shall, subject to article 18, remain in full force and effect for an initial period of *** from the Commercial Launch Date.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for one (I) year, unless earlier terminated as expressly provided in Sections 1.3. 10.1. or 10.2 of this Agreement (the *Initial Term")
This Agreement will remain in effect for Thirty-six (36)<omitted>months following the Hosting Service Ready Date ("Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Article XVI, this IP Agreement and the licenses granted herein will continue in effect from the Effective Date until the expiration of the last to expire of the Patents and any additional period of time thereafter that any of the Patents remain enforceable such as in the United States where a party can sue for infringement after a patent expires and seek damages for any infringement of the patent during the six years immediately preceding the filing of a suit for infringement.
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate on December 31, 2034 (such period, including as may be extended in accordance with the subsequent sentence, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article 11, shall expire on the last day of the Royalty Term.
This term of this Agreement shall commence on the EFFECTIVE DATE and shall continue, in each country, until the date of expiration of the last to expire patent within PATENT RIGHT(S) in that country.
The "Term" of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration or earlier termination of the last Addendum to expire or be terminated, at which time this Agreement will expire, unless this Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") (a) shall commence on the first day of the Warranty Period for the first Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation and (b) shall, unless terminated earlier under Section 4.1 of this Agreement or unless extended by mutual agreement of the Parties, terminate on the date that is the last day of the Warranty Period for the last Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation.
Subject to all other terms and conditions set forth herein, as of the date of this agreement, LEADER maintain the software for an additional five years.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of year as of the Effective Date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated, shall continue in full force and effect for a period of [***] years thereafter.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect for an initial term of **** from the Supply Commencement Date of the Product ("Initial Term").
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Facility Addendum, this Agreement (a) shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of four (4) years from such date (the "Initial Term" of this Agreement), unless sooner terminated pursuant to Section 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 or 7.7, and (b) may be extended for up to three (3) additional periods of twelve (12) months (each, an "Extension Period") by written notice given by Customer to Manufacturer not less than twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Extension Period, as the case may be.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the 60th day following a written notice from one party to the other of its decision to terminate this Agreement at the end of such 60-day period or upon termination of the applicable Distribution Agreement with respect to a Fund.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on the date hereof (the "Commencement Date"), and will continue until the earlier of (i) December 31, 2022, (ii) the termination or expiration of the Studio Lease (defined below), (iii) election to terminate and notice thereof given by Programmer to Licensee, and (iv) mutual written consent of Licensee and Programmer (the "Term"), unless extended or earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11 hereof.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a period of five (5) years from the Reseller's first purchase order for Product issued to Todos (the "Initial Term"), unless terminated earlier by one of the parties in accordance with the terms of this Section 11.
The term of this JSMA shall commence on May 1, 2020 (the "Commencement Date") and ends at April 30, 2029 (the "Term"), with automatic renewals each for a period of five (5) years (a "Renewal Term") unless notice is given pursuant to 5.2.
Unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of Section ​12, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until July 31, 2019 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid until the [* * *] (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue to be in full force and effect for so long as Photronics and DNP, or any of their Affiliates, each remains a Shareholder of the Company.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect through December 31, 2021 and any Renewal Term (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier as set forth herein.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 12, shall extend until the four (4) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on September 10, 2015 and shall continue for One (1) Year (the "Term").
This Agreement becomes effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 11, shall continue until the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect for an initial period of 1 year ("Initial Term").
This term of this Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereto shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in perpetuity (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions contained herein.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of twelve (12) full calendar months ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term"), unless mutually extended by written agreement of the Parties or unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall commence effective as of the date hereof and shall expire on December 31, 2028.
This Agreement shall continue until January 18, 2022, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods ending on January 18th of each year, provided such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (a) the Fund's Board of Trustees and (b) a vote of a majority (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund's Trustees who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of the Plan, in this Agreement, or any agreement related to the Plan (the "Qualified Trustees"), by vote cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting on such approval.
With respect to each of the Services, the term thereof will be for a period commencing as of the date hereof, unless a different date is specified as the commencement date for any applicable Service on Exhibit A or Exhibit B (either, a "Commencement Date"), and shall continue until 12 months following the Commencement Date unless (i) such other date as is specified as the termination date for any applicable Service in this Agreement or on Exhibit A or Exhibit B, as applicable (the "Term") or (ii) earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement (a "Termination Date").
Cellco's appointment as custodian is effective as of the Initial Cutoff Date and will continue until the later of (i) the date on which all obligations of the Issuer have been paid in full and (ii) the date on which such appointment is terminated under this Section 3.10(f).
This Agreement will terminate on the earlier to occur of (a) the date upon which the last remaining Receivable is paid in full, settled, sold or written off and any amounts received are applied and (b) the Issuer is terminated under Section 8.1 of the Trust Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence as of April 1, 2018 (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon the later of: (a) the conclusion of the 2022/23 NFL season and (b) the last day in February, 2023 (such expiration date, the "Scheduled Expiration Date"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be valid for five (5) years from February 1, 2019 through January 31, 2024 unless this Agreement is terminated earlier pursuant to Section 14 (the "Term").
The term of this agreement will begin on April 1, 2018 and continue until April 30, 2018 at 11:59pm.
This agreement is for a term of ten (10) years.
This Agreement shall commence on March 15, 2018 and will expire on March 14, 2020 unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 13 of the Agreement (the "Term")
The Contract is valid for 5 years, beginning from and ended on .
The "Term" of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will end on the earlier of: (a) the first anniversary of the expiration date of the last Purchase Schedule (as defined in this next Section); (b) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party any time after the expiration of the last Purchase Schedule; or (c) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party as provided in Subsection 11(d) of this Agreement.
Termination Date: December 31, 2023
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the time periods set forth in Schedules 1 and 2 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and continues in perpetuity, unless termination occurs pursuant to Sections 4.2 through 4.4.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
The license granted to the Licensee under this Agreement shall continue perpetually
This Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
TERM: November 01, 2014 to October 31, 2017
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
Period of transportation services: this Agreement is valid for an indefinite term.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and unless earlier terminated as provided elsewhere in this Agreement, will end automatically upon the end of Year 3.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for one (1) year following the Launch Date, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
The Term shall commence on the date of this Agreement and, unless earlier terminated or extended as provided below, shall end as of December 31, 2000.
The term of this Agreement shall be for a period of two (2) years (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall end fifteen months therefrom.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon delivery of [**] to ebix, but in no way shall this Agreement extend any later than thirty (30) months from the Effective Date regardless of the number Filled Application Forms delivered to ebix. About will make commercially reasonable efforts to achieve that number in twelve (12) months or less from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end three (3) years from the date the Co-Branded Application becomes accessible to Excite@Home Members ("Launch Date").
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the date above, and shall continue for a term of one (1) year
Term shall mean the Effective Date through June 15, 2001 and any Renewal Term (as defined in paragraph 7.4 herein.)
INITIAL TERM shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the second anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11.
Initial Term shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the fourth anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8
This Agreement shall be effective upon the ------------------- Effective Date and shall remain in force for a period of one (1) year, and shall be automatically renewed for successive periods of one (1) year unless otherwise terminated as provided herein.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in force for three years from the Launch Date (the "Initial Term") unless earlier
"Launch Date" means the first date on which the Service is made publicly available.<omitted>This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date and will continue in effect for 2 years following the Launch Date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall ----------------------- commence on the Effective Date and end on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the date that the Affiliate Registration Form is approved by Chase and will end when terminated by either party.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of five (5) years from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term") after which this Agreement may be extended on mutual agreement of the parties (a "Renewal Term," and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
This Agreement will remain in force for perpetuity or until and unless otherwise mutually agreed or amended in writing by both parties.
The term of this Agreement will begin upon acceptance of Affiliate's Program application and will end when terminated by either party of this Agreement.
This Agreement is entered into for an unlimited period of time.
This Agreement shall be for the term of one year; thereafter, the Agreement shall renew automatically under these same terms and agreements unless superceded by future agreements.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until either Party informs the other Party with thirty (30) day prior written notice of termination of this Agreement.
The "Initial Term" shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire on March 31, 2011.
The term ("Term") of this Agreement shall be for one hundred eighty days (180) from the date set forth below unless Network 1 or Visa or MasterCard or Harris Bank doesn't approve Affiliate's ISO application, in which case, the Term will be 3 years.
Unless sooner terminated under the provisions hereof, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of one (1) year ("Term"). provided however, that the Parties may extend the Term for an additional year period by entering into an written addendum of the Agreement extending such term.
"CONTRACT PERIOD" means that period of time commencing upon the full execution of this Agreement by both Parties and terminating on May 31, 2016 unless sooner terminated under this Agreement.
All terms of this Agreement will automatically commence on November 1st, 2017, and expire on November 2nd, 2020.
"Term" means: 1.5t January 2013 to 315t December 2013 or until terminated under the provisions of this Agreement or the Primary Agreement.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time from February 21, 2011 through December 31, 2012.
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and ending on February 19, 2013 ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for two years from the date hereof, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (A) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund and (B) the vote of a majority of the Fund's directors who are not parties to this Agreement or "interested persons" (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Fund Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the Investment Fund Act.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this ARTICLE 13, shall remain in effect on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the expiration of the Royalty Term applicable to such Product and country (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect until the expiration of the Sublicense Agreement, unless earlier termination by pursuant to the terms of this Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4 of this Agreement, will continue until the expiration of the Warranty Period as defined in subsection 9(a) of this Agreement.
Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, the Parties' respective rights and obligations under this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force for ten (10) years after the First Commercial Sale of the first Licensed Product, and shall thereafter automatically renew for an unlimited period of time unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Section 15.2.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein, unless earlier terminated by either party, this Agreement shall expire on ______, 20___, and all rights of Developer herein shall cease and all unapplied or unused Development Fees paid pursuant to Section 3 hereof shall be forfeited to Franchisor.
Unless terminated pursuant to Section 10 or 11 below, it shall expire upon the earlier of the date specified in Exhibit "B" or upon the opening of the last El Pollo Loco® Restaurant listed in the Development Schedule.
Dr. Murray's obligations set out herein shall be performed from the Effective Date until December 31, 2018 (the initial "Services Term").
Except as otherwise stated herein as pertaining only to a Services Term, this Agreement shall remain in effect for ten years, unless terminated in accordance with Sections 6.1 (a) or 6.2(b).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance herewith, shall continue in force and effect until (a) the date of expiration of the last Royalty Term for the last Licensed Product, or (b) the expiration of the License Option Period and the failure of AbbVie to exercise the License Option (such period, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") will begin on the date this Agreement is signed by the last signatory ("Effective Date") and remain in effect for [***]; provided, however, that the terms of this Agreement shall remain applicable to any SOW that was executed by the Parties prior to the expiration or termination of this Agreement but whose period of performance extends beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue thereafter for a period of twelve (12) months (the "Initial Term").
The Term shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of five (5) years.
The term "Term" shall mean an initial term of five years, automatically renewable thereafter for successive 5-year terms unless either party provides prior written notice of termination not less than 90 days prior to the end of such five-year term; provided, however, T&B shall have the right to terminate the license after the first year of the Term if LEA does not conduct the Business so as to meet the Cash Sales benchmarks set by the parties for years two through five of the Term, as set forth in Section 3.3, below.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless the Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will come into effect on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force for ten (10) years from the Launch (the "Initial Term"), or the date of expiry of the last valid patent of the Licensed Product, whichever comes later, subject to clauses 19.2, 19.3, 19.4 and 19.5 hereunder
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will commence on the Effective Date and will expire upon the earliest of (i) termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 14.2, or (ii) the date of payment of the last Approval Payment due based on all applicable Regulatory Approvals which have been received.
The term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article XII, shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration of Sanofi's payment obligations under Article IX or the Profit/Loss Share Agreement, whichever is later (the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 14 hereof (the "Term").
This Agreement commences on the date it is executed and shall continue until full performance by both parties, or until earlier terminated by one party under the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will be for the maximum period of six (6) months beginning for the commencement date, renewable in accordance with the terms hereof, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.
This Agreement will be in effect for three (3) years from the Effective Date ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Unless otherwise stated in the Appendix the term of this letter Agreement shall continue for twenty-four (24) months with the effective date unless terminated sooner or extended pursuant to the terms hereof ("Initial Term")
Contract end: 04-01-08
The initial term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and end twelve (12) months after the Launch (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b).
This Agreement and the provisions hereof, except as otherwise provided, shall be in full force and effect commencing on the date of execution by both Parties and shall extend for an initial term of two (2) years.
This Agreement will become effective as of the last date of signature (Effective Date) and shall, unless sooner terminated as provided below or as otherwise agreed, remain effective for an initial term of 10 Years following the first date of public availability of the PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Content within a THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION Property (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the date on which it is signed and affixed with the corporate seals by the authorized representative of each Party and have a term of five (5) years commencing as of the effective date hereof.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, except as set forth in Subsection (ii), continue in full force and effect through the Delivery Period.
This agreement will be in effect until the end of 2006 and will be evaluated at that time.
This Agreement shall take effect from the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect for twenty (20) years thereafter, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Clause 8.
Expiration Date: August 31, 2006
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on the Expiration Date set forth above (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 3(b).
The Term of the Agreement is hereby extended to January 20, 2012 unless sooner terminated as provided for in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be in effect until March 18. 2021, unless sooner terminated by either party upon (30) days written notice, without cause.
This contract shall remain in effect initially for the five (5) year term ("Initial Term") from the date signed and shall be automatically extended for one (1) year periods after the Initial Term ("Renewal Term") unless (i) either party provides written notice of its intention not to renew the Agreement within 180 days prior to any Renewal Term; or (ii) this Agreement is otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms of this Section 12.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate in _____________, on _____________, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement may be renewed for successive one (1) year periods if STAAR and Distributor expressly agree in writing and in their sole discretion to renew this Agreement prior to the foregoing termination date or any successive renewal term.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until September 1, 2045, unless earlier terminated by either Party pursuant to this Article 12 (the "Term").
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, all rights and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect for a period of eighteen (18) months after the initial theatrical release of that Property.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, including Robots, Kingdom of Heaven, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, In Her Shoes, Idiocracy (Oww My Balls) and Ice Age II, all right and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect until March 31, 2008."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Term") is the Effective Date through March 15, 2022.
This Agreement expires ten (10) years from the Agreement Date (the "Term"), unless it is terminated sooner as provided in other sections of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided under this Agreement, shall terminate five (5) years following the date of launch of the first Website, but in no event later than February 28, 2013 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue thereafter for a period of two (2) years, unless extended by written agreement of both parties or sooner terminated as set forth below.
This Agreement and the license granted herein shall remain effective until terminated.
Unless otherwise provided herein, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue through the completion or termination of Developer's services and work product as mutually agreed upon between the Parties (the Project).
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Commencement Date and will continue through December 31, 2022 or until this Agreement is otherwise terminated in accordance with its provisions ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate automatically without notice on December 31, 2022, unless the Parties agree in writing to extend the term of the Agreement (the initial term and any renewal terms are referred to collectively herein as the "Term").
This Second Amendment shall be effective from The Second Amendment Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2021.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue for a period of three (3) years therefrom (the "Term").
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue until termination as provided below.
This Agreement is for a term (the "Term") of 12 months from the Effective Date on June 1s t 2020 and expiring May 31st 2021.
This Agreement shall be in full force and effect commencing on January 2, 2020 and shall remain in effect for one (1) year or until Consultant completes the services requested
The term of this Agreement shall commence on January 10th, 2019 and shall expire on the day that is twenty-four (24) months from that date (the "Term of Engagement") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Term: twelve (12) months from the date of the Agreement which term shall automatically renew for an additional twelve (12) months on such date if the Agreement is not otherwise terminated according to Section 8 of the Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be the sooner of six (6) months from the Effective Date, or replacement of this Agreement with a subsequent agreement between the Parties.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the four-year anniversary of the Effective Date (such period, as it may be extended, either by the mutual written agreement of the parties or automatically, or earlier terminated being referred to as the "Consultation Period"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4, and shall automatically renew for successive one-year periods, unless the Company provides 90 days' notice of termination before any such successive period.
The term of this Agreement is for a period of five (5) years (the "Term") commencing on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the termination provisions of this Agreement, ending on January 31, 2025.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall expire twenty (20) years from the effective date of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
The term of this Agreement for the Hosted Site shall commence upon April 1, 1999 and shall continue for a period of six (6) months, unless earlier terminated in accordance with provisions hereof.
This Agreement shall continue in effect from the Effective Date for a one (1) year period, unless earlier terminated as set forth below, and thereafter shall renew automatically for successive one (1) year periods unless either party gives the other party at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of its intent not to renew the Agreement.
The effective term is 12 months beginning March 1, 2005 and ending February 28, 2006.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a period of 12 months thereafter (the "Period") in full force and effect until it is terminated in accordance with this Section 3.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated under this Article, shall continue in effect until the Conversion Date (the "Term"); provided that, with respect to any LMG Tools identified in Exhibit A as having a license term beyond the Conversion Date, TAG's License to, and LMG's obligation to provide LMG Services for, such LMG Tools shall survive for the period specified in Exhibit A.
The term of this Agreement is for ten (10) years commencing on the date of this Agreement, unless terminated as provided by this Agreement.
The obligations of the Agent pursuant to this Agreement shall terminate upon termination of the Offering, but in no event later than 45 days after the completion of the Subscription Offering (the "End Date").
The initial term of this Agreement is one (1) year from the date of delivery of the Product to Licensee unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
1 April 2009
The maintenance is for a period of one (1) year commencing upon expiration of the initial one (1) year term of the License/Services Schedule.
XIMAGE's obligations hereunder shall become effective upon the "Effective Date" and, unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall remain in full force and effect for at least one year thereafter.
This Agreement be deemed effective as of the Effective Date, Agreement and shall terminate on December 31, 2020, unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 3.2.
This Agreement shall continue in force until the earlier to occur of (i) the Owner no longer owns any Receivables or Participation Interests, and (ii) subject to Section 7(d), the delivery of written notice of termination by the Owner to the Servicer pursuant to Section 7(c), in each case upon which event this Agreement shall automatically terminate unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Servicer and the Owner.
Agent's appointment hereunder shall commence on the next business day after the later of (i) the date hereof, or (ii) the date Agent has confirmed that Client's records have been converted to Agent's system (the "Effective Date"), and shall continue for three years thereafter (the "Initial Term").
In relation to each Fund, this Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (a) the expiration of the term of such Fund or (b) the date, if any, on which Oaktree US (or any affiliate it has substituted in its stead in accordance with such Fund's Fund Agreement) is removed as general partner of such Fund or (c) the Sub-Advisor ceasing to be authorised and regulated by the FCA.
This Agreement shall take effect on the date of signature of the Agreement by both parties and shall terminate when all obligations required of both parties hereunder are performed unless either terminated earlier or extended by the parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement subject to clause 4.0.
At any time that there is no uncompleted Statement of Work outstanding, either party may terminate this Agreement for any or no reason upon fifteen (15) days advance notice to the other.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof and shall continue until terminated by either party pursuant to Paragraph 6 hereof.
The term of this Services Agreement shall begin on the date of execution and shall continue in effect for a period of two years.
Subject to the provisions for termination hereinafter provided, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a minimum period of 12 months (the "Minimum Period") and thereafter upon the mutual agreement of the Company and Maimon (the "Service Term").
This Agreement shall terminate (a) at the option of any party, upon 90 days' advance written notice to the other parties hereto; or (b) in the event of a material breach that has not been cured within ten days following a written notice of breach to the breaching party.
This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by the Parties.
The Appointment may be terminated by either party giving the other at least 12 months' notice in writing.
Your employment shall commence on 26 September 2019 and shall continue unless and until either party gives notice to the other in accordance with paragraph 11 below.
This Agreement shall terminate immediately and automatically upon the termination of Company's Participation Agreement(s) with the Funds, and in such event no notice need be given hereunder.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
"Service Period" means April. 1st 2019 through to March 30, 2020<omitted>The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
Subject to earlier termination as provided below, this Service Agreement is for the total duration of the Company's Offering (the "Initial Term") unless either party requests termination at least 30 days prior to the end of the then-current term.
The Executive's employment with the Company will commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue, subject to the remaining terms of this Agreement, until terminated by either party giving the other the following minimum advance written notice: 2.1.1 6 weeks' notice; 2.1.2 such other longer period as required by law.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the day and year first above written and shall govern the relations between the parties hereto thereafter, unless terminated as set forth in this Section 6.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year, commencing January 1, 2008 and ending on December 31, 2008.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate at the end of the Exclusivity Period (i.e., a three (3) year period commencing on the Effective Date).
Subject to the provisions of Section 14 hereof, the term of this Agreement and the sponsorship described herein shall commence on January 1, 2010 and extend through December 31, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be four (4) Processing Years commencing on the Effective Date of this Agreement and ending on June 30, 2010 unless
This Agreement shall automatically terminate at and as of (the first to occur of): (a) 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on the 30th day after the Effective Date (if Purchaser has not commenced the Offer, with the unanimous consent of the Sponsors, by then); (b) the expiration of the Offer (if the Offer is not consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), subject to any extension or subsequent offering period; and (c) the expiration of the Interim Period (if the Offer is consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), in any case, unless sooner terminated by unanimous written consent of the Participating Sponsors; provided, however, that any liability for failure to comply with this Agreement shall survive any such termination.
Unless otherwise terminated as specified in this Section 12, the ---- term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and will not end until the later of (a) twelve (12) months from the Launch Date; or (2) the date Intuit displays a total of 176,717,916 Impressions in accordance with the terms set forth herein ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the "Effective Date" and shall continue for ten (10) Contract Years, unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 6 of this Agreement or extended by renewal by written agreement of the Parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 13(o) of this Agreement (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided for herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence as of the date hereof and shall terminate at the end of the Season which is scheduled to end on October 12, 2002 (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and conclude on October 31, 2010, unless renewed by agreement or sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
If the Launch Date has not occurred by August 31, 1999, Sponsor shall, in its sole discretion, be entitled to terminate this Agreement without any liability and receive a full refund of all amounts paid by Sponsor to drkoop.com pursuant to this Agreement prior to the date of such termination.
The initial term (the "Initial Term"; and together with all extensions and renewals, the "Term") will begin on the date set forth above * * * (the "Launch Date") on which: (i) each of the Sponsor Areas of the drkoop.com Website are operational in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (other than the e-commerce tile placements); and (ii) the links to the<omitted>Sponsor Website or Vitamin Buzz contained in the Sponsor logos or the Sponsor banner advertisements are established in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, subject to earlier termination as set forth in this Agreement.
In the event that Excite has not delivered XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX clickthroughs to the Client Site by the end of twelve (12) months after the Launch Date, the first year of the term of the Agreement will be extended without additional sponsorship and advertising fees for up to an additional four (4) months.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not end until Excite displays of a total of XXXXXXXXXXXXX impressions of Client's advertising banners and promotional placements on the Excite Site and Excite has made reasonable commercial efforts to deliver, at minimum, a goal of XXXXXXXX clickthroughs to the Client Site.
Regardless of Excite's actual delivery of impressions and clickthroughs, the term of this Agreement will not be shorter than two (2) years after the display of the first of Client's advertising banners and promotional placements, subject to the termination rights set forth below.
The initial production period shall be for a period of two (2) months to commence on November 4, 1998 (the "Production Period"), and the remaining term of this Agreement shall be for a period of twenty four (24) months to commence on the tentative launch date of January 4, 1999, unless terminated earlier as provided herein (the "Promotion Period"), (The Production Period and the Promotion Period shall be collectively referred to as the "Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and, unless terminated as provided herein, shall continue through November 30, 1998.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on July 19, 1999 and shall ---- thereafter continue until all above described Sponsor benefits are completed, but in no event beyond the end of the 1999 season (the "Term").
If Hydron does not timely exercise its right to terminate this Agreement, then Hydron agrees that this Agreement shall continue for the entire four (4) year term unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end on the second (2nd) anniversary of the Commencement Date.
Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall take effect on December 1st, 2015 and shall expire on November 30, 2016.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the specific terms of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not end until Excite displays a total of [*****] impressions of the Client advertising banners and promotional placements on the Excite Network as described in this Agreement and pushes [*****] emails using the email vehicles specified in Exhibit B
The services described herein to be provided by Agency shall begin upon execution and delivery of the Outsourcing Agreement and shall continue until termination of Contractor's activities to administer the Notes thereunder.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the date first set forth above, and shall continue in full force and effect until terminated as provided below.
The initial term ("Initial Term") of this Agreement shall be for one year commencing on the 1st day of May, 2006 ("Effective Date").
This agreement shall commence on January 20, 2014 (the "Effective Date") and shall continue in effect for six (6) months (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of the contracted agreement is 5 years from the commencement date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and extend for three (3) years thereafter ("INITIAL TERM"), with an automatic renewal for an indefinite period of time ("EXTENDED TERM"), unless terminated by the parties according to Sections 16.2. or 16.3. herein.
The term of this Agreement will commence on January 1, 1998 (the "Effective Date") and will end on December 31, 1998.
"Term" shall mean the period commencing on the Effective Date and terminating on the eighth anniversary of the Commencement Date, unless the Agreement is extended in accordance with its provisions.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on November 30, 2014 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall be valid for an indefinite period.
This Attachment and its Product Attachments shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in Section 5.0 of the Base Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in Section 5.0.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms hereof, the term of this Agreement shall end on the seventh anniversary of the date hereof.
This Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement will be for two (2) year(s) commencing on the Effective Date.
This Agreement is effective as of August 1, 2004, (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate on July 31, 2009, (the "Termination Date") unless earlier terminated or extended as provided for herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date unless sooner terminated pursuant to the termination provisions herein.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of 1 year after the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated as set forth herein (the "TERM").
This Amendment shall enter into force on the date of its signature by both Parties and, unless otherwise agreed upon in writing by the Parties through a subsequent amendment to the GMA, shall remain in force for the term of the referenced GMA.
The Agreement shall end on the End Date without any further action, unless otherwise provided under this Agreement.
"End Date" means the date on which this Agreement is terminated or expires, and shall be the earlier to occur of the following, as appropriate: (i) the end of the Initial Term as defined in Clause 3.1of this Agreement; or, (ii) the end of the term of each annual renewal of this Agreement as per Clause 3.2 of this Agreement; or, (iii) the date on which all or part of this Agreement is terminated as per Clause 16 ("Termination");
The Agreement enters into force on the Signing Date; it will have a duration of [*****] as from the Start Date (the "Initial Term").
The first paid (Initial) Maintenance Term shall commence upon expiration of the Warranty Period and shall continue for twelve (12) months thereafter.
This Agreement shall apply and remain in effect from the Effective Date and perpetually thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the Section entitled "Termination."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the date that payment is due for Minimum Payment Period 7, pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof and as set forth in Attachment B hereof, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
This Agreement shall come into force on the Effective Date and shall remain in force and effect for a period of [Redacted - Commercially Sensitive - Term Details] , unless this Agreement is extended or previously terminated in accordance with this clause 12, pursuant to clause 15.1 (Force Majeure), or (ii) by the mutual written consent of the Parties (the "Term").
The Agreement shall have an initial term of ten (10) years commencing from the Effective Date and ending on the tenth (10th) anniversary thereof (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of Section 15.2 or Section 15.3.
The "Term" shall begin on the date hereof and shall expire December 31, 2023, subject to early termination pursuant to the terms of Section 19. Flotek, may, by written notice given to FCC on or before September 30, 2023, elect for the Term to be extended to December 31, 2024.
TERM OF EXECUTION From January 30, 2012 until July 29, 2012
Subject to the General Terms and Conditions of Transporter's FERC Gas Tariff and Rate Schedule FTS/ITS, this Agreement shall be effective as of the date of physical completion of and initial deliveries on Transporter's pipeline and shall continue for a primary term of ten years.
This Agreement shall be effective from the date first above written and shall continue indefinitely until terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
The Agreement shall continue through the project's in-service date and for a period of fifteen (15) years after the project's in-service date ("Initial Term").
"Initial Term" means the period commencing on the Effective Date and concluding on the last day of the month in which the fifth anniversary of the Offtake Agreement Effective Date falls.
"Offtake Agreement" means that certain Crude Oil Sale and Purchase Agreement between the Principal and STASCO dated 1 November 1999.
This contract shall be effective as of November 1, 2002, and shall remain in force and effect, unless modified as per Exhibit B, until October 31, 2012.
"Royalty Term" means, with respect to sales of a Product in the Territory, the time period beginning on the First Commercial Sale of such Product in the Territory and expiring on the latest of the following dates: (a) *** (b) *** (c) ***<omitted>Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall continue in effect until the expiration of the Royalty Term as defined in Section 1.87 ("Term"), and thereafter Green Cross has no remaining payment obligations with respect to the Products pursuant to Section 8.5 above and MacroGenics shall have no further obligations hereunder.
The term of the agreement is 20 years, during which if any main equipment of any Party stops operation due to technical problem or at the end of its life cycle, the agreement shall be automatically terminated.
This Agreement shall come into force as of January 1, 2013 and remain valid for 1 year.
As of the effective date hereof, the original cooperation of mobile game business executed between the Parties shall terminate automatically.
Party A and Party B agree and confirm that the term of cooperation under this Agreement shall commence from the execution date hereof and end on the expiration date of the operation term of Party B ("Term of Cooperation").
Unless this Agreement is early terminated in accordance with this Agreement or other agreements signed by the Parties hereof, the term of the validity of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date.
"Intended End of Term" means the later of (a) the seventh (7th) anniversary of the Effective Date and (b) the date determined to be the "Intended End of Term" under Section 7.2.2(d) (Effects of Tolling).<omitted>This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms, including by Ginkgo pursuant to Section 7.3 (Buy-Down Election) or extended by the mutual written agreement of the Parties, shall continue until the Intended End of Term (such time period, as may be extended pursuant to this Section 13.3.1 (Term - General), the "Term"); provided that, if,<omitted>at the expiration of the Intended End of Term, Ginkgo has paid the Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitment, but will not have paid to BLI the Full Purchase Target, then the Term of this Agreement shall automatically extend for an additional [***] ([***]) year period from the date of the expiration of the then-Intended End of Term so that, among other things, BLI may potentially receive the benefit of the Full Purchase Target and Ginkgo may receive the continuing benefit of royalty-free licenses.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial term of three (3) years from the Promotion Commencement Date, divided into three one-year periods.
Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall commence effective June 1, 1998, and shall continue for a term of three (3) years expiring May 31, 2001 (the "Term").
"Term" means the earlier of: (a) the end of the two year period from the Effective Date to 31 July 2013; or (b) the last day of the calendar month within which the Maximum Distribution Commitment is reached.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as set out in this Agreement, shall continue for the Term.
This promotion shall begin on June 1,1999 and shall terminate June 1, 2000 (herein "Term")
The Joint Venture shall commence on the 1st of March, 2003, and shall be effective until February 28, 2004 unless extended by written agreement of the Joint Venturers not less than thirty (30) days prior to scheduled termination.
Except as otherwise provided herein, the term of this Agreement is three (3) years from the Execution Date ("Cooperation Period").
The term of this Agreement is twelve (12) months from the date hereof, and will be automatically renewed for one (1) additional twelve month period unless either party shall notify the other in writing of its intention not to renew.
This Agreement is effective as of the date hereof and shall remain in full force and effect for the period (the "Covered Period") commencing on the date hereof and ending on the date that is the earliest of: (i) the Company's failure to appoint the ValueAct Designee to the Board following the ValueAct Group's written request to the Company to have the ValueAct Designee appointed to the Board pursuant to Section 1(a) of this Agreement; (ii) the failure of the Company to comply in good faith with Section 1(e) of this Agreement; or (iii) the date which is the 60t h day prior to the Company's 2016 annual meeting of stockholders.
This Agreement shall take effect as of the Effective Date and shall expire upon completion of the Project as set forth in the Project Plan and after payment of all payments due and payable according to this Agreement, unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
"Expiration Date" means March 31, 2020.
The Joint Venture is a fixed term Joint Venture beginning November 27, 2018 and ending November 30th, 2019 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on February 1, 1998 and end on the first anniversary of the date of this Agreement; provided that (a) either party may terminate this Agreement, effective at any time after the first three months of the Term, by giving 30 days' written notice of termination to the other party, and (b) either party may terminate this Agreement at any time by giving written notice of termination to the other party, if the other party commits a material breach of its obligations hereunder that is not cured within 30 days after notice thereof from the non-breaching party.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue, unless terminated sooner in accordance with this Article VIII, until June 27, 2011 (the "Term").
This Agreement shall continue until terminated as provided herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated under the terms of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the Services to be provided with respect to any Account which is registered as an investment company under the 1940 Act (herein referred to as a "registered investment company") are services referred to in the definition of "investment advisor" under Section 202(a)(11) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (herein referred to as "investment advisory services"), then with respect to such Account, this Agreement: (i) shall not commence until the effective date of its approval by the board of directors or trustees ("Board") of such Account; (ii) shall continue from year to year thereafter, subject to the provisions for termination and all other terms and conditions hereof, only if such continuation shall be specifically approved at least annually by a majority of the Board, including a majority of the members of the Board who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons of any such party (other than as members of the Board) cast in person at a meeting called for that purpose; (iii) may be terminated at any time without the payment of any penalty by the Board or by a vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities (as defined in Section 2(a)(42) of the 1940 Act) of the Account on 60 days' written notice to the Adviser; (iv) shall automatically terminate in the event of (A) its assignment (as defined in the 1940 Act) or (B) termination of the Advisory Agreement for any reason whatsoever.
Subject to the remaining provisions of this Section, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the effective date first above written and shall continue until terminated by mutual agreement of the parties hereto or by either party on not less than 60 days' written notice to the other party hereto.
This Limited Power of Attorney shall be revoked and terminated automatically upon the cancellation or termination of the Services Agreement or as to any Fund upon the cancellation or termination of the Adviser's Investment Advisory Contract for such Fund.
Unless otherwise mutually agreed to by the Parties, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end upon expiration of the Term, unless terminated early as contemplated hereunder.
"Term" means, on a Country-by-Country and Collaboration Product-by-Collaboration Product basis, the period from the Effective Date until the later of (a) the expiration or termination of the last Valid Claim of a Patent Right covering the Pooled Compound in such Collaboration Product in such Country, and (b) fifteen (15) years from First Commercial Sale in such Country, unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with Article 14.
The term of the CDx Development Program shall be five (5) years.
The term for Database Insights under Section 3.1.8 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Database Insights Term").
The term "Agreement Term" shall mean the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is terminated sooner as provided in Article 17, expiring on the date when all work has been completed or terminated under all R&D Plans.
The initial term of the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program will be five (5) years beginning on the Effective Date.
The term for Sample Profiling set forth in Section 3.1.4 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Profiling Term").
This Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue for the Agreement Term.
The initial term of the ctDNA Platform Development Program will be twelve (12) months.
The initial term of this Agreement shall, unless sooner terminated by consent of all parties, expires in five (5) years from the date of Effective Date.
The Contract Term shall extend for a period of fifty (50) years.
This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date, and will continue until the expiration of the "Sales Term" as that term is defined in the Sales Dealer Agreement dated as of August 16, 2017 between Vivint and Vivint Solar Developer, LLC (the "Term")."
The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years, subject to the prior termination rights provided below.
Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, this Agreement continues in effect for an initial term of seven (7) years ("Initial Term") and will automatically renew for one or more annual periods after the Initial Term (each a "Renewal Term") unless either party gives notice of non-renewal at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the beginning of any Renewal Term.
The duration of this Venture (the "Term") will begin on March 1, 2020 and continue in full force and effect until February 28, 2025 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
This Amendment shall only become effective upon the VNBJ Closing with respect to Article 1.1 and the VNBZ Closing with respect to Article 1.2, and shall terminate without any force or effect in the event that the VNBJ SPA and the VNBZ SPA are terminated in accordance with the terms thereof.
This JV Agreement shall become effective on the signing date and shall have a duration of * years, extendable for a further * years, unless notice of non- renewal is sent one year before the natural expiry date.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of execution and shall continue in force and effect for an indefinite term thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the provisions of Article 16 or by all the Parties in writing.
This agreement shall terminate: a. Automatically if any public authority cancels or declines to renew the Agency's license or Certificate of Authority. b. Immediately if either party gives detailed written notice to the other of alleged gross and willful misconduct, fraud or material misrepresentation.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date hereof and shall terminate upon the termination of the Offering.
This Agreement will become effective as of the date first written above and will continue in effect thereafter until terminated pursuant to Paragraph 4.2 below.
This Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years commencing upon the Effective Date hereof unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement (the "Initial Term").
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the later to occur of the date that is (x) three (3) years from the date hereof and (y) the date on which an affiliate of Freedom Mortgage is not acting as the external manager of Cherry Hill.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years following the Effective Date or until the Studies are completed, whichever is later, unless extended or unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof.
Term: This Study Order will continue until the Study is completed, which is expected to be ________ (__) months after the Effective Date, or until terminated early as provided in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the date first set forth above and, shall expire on the later of (i) five (5) years from the date hereof, or (ii) with respect to any projects identified in any contract for which VET TECH is billing the client directly, upon the completion of COOL TECH's Services and receipt of payment by COOL TECH from VET TECH for said services.
Unless terminated sooner, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years thereafter (the "Initial Term") and shall automatically renew for additional one (1) year terms on the terms and conditions set forth herein (each a "Renewal Term" and collectively, the "Term") unless either party gives the other Party Notice of its intention to terminate this Agreement ninety (90) days before the end of the Initial Term or Renewal Term, if any.
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this ---- Agreement shall terminate on the later of (i) the third anniversary of the Effective Date or (ii) the date on which ETI ceases to be a Subsidiary of NTL.
THIS STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), made effective this 17t h day of February 2016, through February 16, 2019 (the "Initial Term") i
Either party may terminate this agreement after 3 years following the effective date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall remain in effect for a period of 5 years ("Initial Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years from the date of execution and may be extended subject to satisfactory agreement on ongoing commercial terms, to be agreed two (2) months prior to the expiration of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until the later of (a) the fourth (4th) anniversary of the Effective Date, or (b) the completion or termination of the Research and receipt by LBIO of all deliverables due from MD Anderson hereunder, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.2 or Section 9.14.
This Agreement is effective on the Effective Date and shah continue in effect until the earlier of (a) the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date, and (b) termination by either Party for any reason upon thirty (30) days' written notice to the other Party; provided, however, that no Party shall be able to terminate this Agreement so long as such Party is a Defaulting Party under this Agreement.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until it is terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 15 of this Agreement ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and will continue in effect until five (5) year(s) from such date (the "Initial Term") unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 25.
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Initial Term") will be ten (10) years from the Effective Date, provided that at any time following the 7th anniversary of such date, either party may terminate such strategic alliance upon not less than 60 days' prior written notice to the other party.
The rights and obligations of the Farids Group set forth in this Article VI (other than those set forth in Sections 6.8 and 6.9) shall terminate on the date that the Farids Group owns less than 3% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock, but in no event earlier than the Expiration Date (as defined in the Warrant).
The term of this Agreement is twenty-four (24) months.
This Agreement shall be for an initial term of five (5) years, and unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall automatically renew for an additional term of five (5) years thereafter.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for a term of ten (10) years, unless previously terminated in accordance with Clause 15 (Termination).
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of two (2) years ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 11 of this Agreement.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 4.2 or 4.3, this Agreement will be in effect from the Effective Date until completion of the Research Program.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of three (3) years after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement is effective on the day of May 1, 2013 and the effective term is the same as the Cooperation Ter
The Cooperation Term of the parties shall be two years from May 1, 2013 to April 30, 2015.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, (i) that this Section 8 shall survive any such termination and (ii) no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, shall continue in full force and effect until terminated pursuant to this Article 18.
This Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of: (i) the conclusion of the Standstill Period or (ii) delivery of written notice by one Party to the other Party of a material breach of this Agreement by the breaching Party that is uncured after ten (10) calendar days of notice of such breach.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement will be effective as of the date of its execution, and term of the Cooperation will be four years from the date on which the channel is uploaded.<omitted>The channel is expected to be uploaded on August 1, 201
Unless otherwise mutual agreed between the Parties, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the earlier of the below events occur: (a) The fifth (5t h) anniversary of this Agreement; and (b) Otkritie ceasing to own more than 2,237,216 class B shares or American depositary shares of QIWI.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period in accordance with Section 4, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
Subject to the other provisions contained herein, this AGREEMENT shall be for a term of thirty (30) years from the Effective Date, which shall automatically renew from year-to-year thereafter unless terminated by a Party upon sixty (60) days' written notice after the end of the term.
The term of this Agreement shall be fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the following provisions of this Article:
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this IP Agreement shall extend until the last date of expiration of the SRAM Intellectual Property rights licensed under this IP Agreement.
The term of this Agreement is five (5) years unless the early termination in accordance with this Agreement.
The provisions of this Agreement, including the license rights provided in this Article III, shall not be terminable or revocable for any reason.
The term of this IP Agreement shall be from the Effective Date until all of the Intellectual Property licensed hereunder is in the public domain (provided, however, that in such event the representations and warranties in Article III shall survive (and terminate) in accordance with the Acquisition Agreement) or this IP Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 4.3.
This Agreement shall remain in effect for sixty (60) months from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
Unless otherwise agreed in writing by Accuray and Distributor and subject to the termination rights contained in this Agreement, this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until the termination of the Strategic Alliance Agreement; provided, however, that if a Termination Election relating to this Agreement is made pursuant to Section 10.3 of the Strategic Alliance Agreement prior to such termination, this Agreement shall terminate 36 months after such Termination Election (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement shall terminate on May 31, 2015, unless sooner terminated.
As provided for in this Section 1, the term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years, beginning on the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"); provided, however, the Initial Term shall be subject to automatic successive renewal terms of three (3) years each (the "Renewal Terms" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
The terms of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date and will be automatically renewed on each anniversary of the effective date, for a renewal term of one year unless either party provides written notification of its intention not to renew this Agreement at least one month prior to the expiration of the initial or any renewal terms.
Distributor's appointment is for a term of one year from the Effective Date, renewable automatically unless terminated under Section 18
The Term will commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and will remain in effect, unless sooner terminated under paragraphs 5.2, 5.3, or 5.4, until the termination date specified in Exhibit A.
September 30, 1997
This Agreement shall have an initial term of one (1) year from the date first above written (the "Initial Term"), and shall thereafter automatically renew for successive two (2) year periods (each a "Renewal Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement shall be two (2) years from the Effective Date with automatic annual renewals thereafter provided either party does not provide sixty (60) days notice of termination prior to the renewal date or the Agreement is not otherwise terminated as set forth in Section 8.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) calendar years from the Agreement date.
The term of this Agreement shall be ten (10) years (the "Term") which shall commence on the date upon which the Company delivers to Distributor the last Sample, as defined hereinafter.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date first above written and shall terminate on 31 December 2006, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years from the date first set forth above and shall thereafter automatically renew for additional two (2) year terms unless a party provides the other party with notice of non-renewal no less than 6 months prior to the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term unless earlier terminated as follows
April 15, 2000 through October 15, 2000 (6 Months from the Effective Date)
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) years from the Effective Date and shall thereafter be automatically renewed for subsequent one (1) year periods unless either party notifies the other in writing of its election not to renew the Agreement at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the expiration of the then-current term.
Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until terminated by either Party upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice.
This contract shall be for a term of one year commencing on the date first above written; thereafter, it shall automatically continue until terminated by either party upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for 3 years (the "Initial Term") commencing on the date first set forth above (the "Commencement Date") and ending on the 3rd anniversary of the Commencement Date.
The Term of this Agreement shall be for a period of [* ****] years and [*****] months commencing the 1st day of September 2004 and terminating the [*****] day of [*****].
The term of the license hereby granted shall commence August 1, 1995 and continue until January 30, 2000, unless sooner terminated in the manner provided in the immediately succeeding sentence or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
Unless otherwise provided for in this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall be three years, commencing on the date of this Agreement and expiring on the third anniversary date of this Agreement (the "Termination Date").
The COMPANY agrees to a one year engagement to contract the CELEBRITY to speak at the company meetings and seminars along with endorsement of the Company products.
Notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement shall terminate upon the Trust's payment to the Company of the sum of the aggregate amount of the premiums paid under the Policy since inception (which amount includes the outstanding principal balance of the Demand Note).
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing on January 1, 2000 and concluding December 31, 2003, unless terminated sooner as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall extend from the date of execution hereof through and until _______, unless extended by written agreement of the parties.
The term of this Agreement shall commence January 1, 1996, and shall continue for a period of three (3) years, concluding December 31, 1998.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing as of May 31, 1999 and concluding May 31, 2000.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Article 13, shall continue in full force and effect, on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the Secondary Royalty Term with respect to such Product expires, at which time this Agreement shall expire in its entirety with respect to such Product in such country.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and unless terminated earlier by mutual written agreement of the Parties or pursuant to Section 9.2 (Termination At Will) or Section 9.3 (Termination for Cause) below, the term of this Agreement shall continue in effect until Achaogen ceases development and commercialization of Plazomicin ("Term").
Except as provided in Sections 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, and 6.5, this Agreement shall terminate one (1) year from the Rig Release Date, if such has not been terminated sooner pursuant to the provisions hereof.
The term of this Agreement shall be for 10 years commencing on the date of execution of this Agreement by AIRSOPURE.
The Term shall begin on the Effective Date and will end, without further notice, on the Expiration Date set forth in the Addendum, unless terminated earlier under the terms of this Agreement.<omitted>Expiration Date: at midnight on the last day of the month fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date
The term of this Agreement starts on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is earlier terminated in accordance with its provisions, will expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date.
You must operate the Franchise at a mutually agreeable site (the "Premises") to be identified after the signing of this Agreement, and to use the System and the Marks in the operation of that Franchise, for a term of 10 years (the "Initial Term")
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, this Agreement will expire on _______________________________________.
This Agreement shall be effective as of that date (the "Effective Date") the Site becomes fully operational as set forth in writing and executed by both Parties and shall continue for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date.
This Agreement will be effective beginning on 12:01 a.m., Eastern Time, on the day after the date of last signature to these Base Terms ("Effective Date") and ending on the expiration and/or termination of all Service Option Attachments, unless the Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and will terminate on the third anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreemen
This Agreement will take effect on the Effective Date and remain in effect for a period of 1 year; provided, that Sections 2 and 3 level shall terminate promptly upon (a) any action or omission by Client or any of its customers which constitutes a breach of or default by TrueLink under any System Agreement or Credit Repository Agreement, which breach or default has either not been cured or cannot be cured within the applicable cure period and the consequences of which is that TrueLink will lose material rights it had pursuant to said Agreements or (b) any violations or breach by Client of Sections 8a - 8c.
This agreement shall be for a term of five years from the date of this document.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.
"Term" means the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and continuing thereafter indefinitely until this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 10 below.
Subject to early termination of this Agreement pursuant to Sections 7.2, 7.3 or 7.4, this Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue until the expiration or earlier termination of the Development and License Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid for a period of five (5) years with automatic renewal of one year thereafter until terminated<omitted>by either party with one (1) year written notice prior to the expiration of the initial period or any extension period thereof.
Unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 12.2 below, the initial term of this Agreement shall expire on 31 December 2024 (the "Initial Term") unless the Parties mutually agree in writing any extension to the Initial Term.
This Agreement shall have a term of four (4) years from the effective date first set forth above, and shall automatically renew for additional one year terms unless earlier terminated by either party.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall extend for a period of Five (5) years thereafter ("Initial Term"), unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein or is extended by mutual written agreement of the Parties.
Unless terminated earlier as provided herein, this Agreement shall terminate on the date three (3) years from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement is three years from and including the date of this Agreement (the "Initial Term"), with automatic renewal for additional successive one-year terms (each a "Renewal Term" and together wit the Initial Term, the "Term") unless no later than [* * *] days prior to the end of the Initial Term, or any Renewal Term either party notifies the other that it wishes to terminate this Agreement effective the end of the Initial Term or that Renewal Term, as applicable.
Except as otherwise set forth in Sections 9.2 and 9.3 or Exhibit A hereof, the term of this Agreement shall be eighteen (18) months ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for a period of one year from the date of its execution and from year to year thereafter provided such continuance is specifically approved by a majority of the trustees of the Trust who (i) are not "interested persons" of the Trust or any other party to this Agreement, as defined in the 1940 Act, and (ii) have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of this Agreement ("Non- Interested Trustees").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3 of this Agreement, shall continue until the twentieth (20th) anniversary of the Effective Date; provided, however, (i) Operator shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Owner, if Operator provides a substitute operator acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, who (A) has experience operating similar assets, (B) has the ability to provide at least the same quality of service as Operator, (C) has the financial ability to perform the obligations hereunder, and (D) is ready, willing and able to execute an operation and maintenance agreement substantially similar to this Agreement and acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, and (ii) Owner shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Operator.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 8, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
To the extent not terminated previously by AIG pursuant to the foregoing, this Agreement will terminate automatically one year after the closing of any sale of the Company by AIG, and all provisions hereof will be of no further force and effect.
It shall be effective on 06 October 2000 and shall have a duration of two years.
Subject to termination pursuant to this Agreement, the Non Exclusive license granted by Licensor to Licensee shall be for an initial period of 36 months, commencing from the acceptance date, (the "Initial Period").
This Agreement and the license granted under this Agreement shall remain in effect perpetually as long as fees are paid by Sparkling in accordance with the Fee Schedule and the Agreement is not otherwise terminated in accordance with this Section.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for an initial period of five years until terminated in the manner described in Clause 16 below.
In addition, DCL may terminate this Agreement with effect from the 3rd, 4th or 5th anniversary of the Commencement Date by giving not less than six months notice in writing to SEV
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Services Commencement Date and remain effective for ten (10) years (the "Initial Term") unless terminated in accordance with its terms.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in operation for at least a period of twenty-five (25) years (hereinafter called "Initial Period") after the RFCS Date and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
This Agreement shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of: (i) the date on which the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement equal $5,000,000; (ii) the Release Date (as defined in Section 19) or (iii) payment in full, in cash, of all Obligations and the termination of the Financing Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement is less than $5,000,000 and any payment, or any part thereof, on account of any of the Obligations is invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Agent or the Lenders upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or reorganization of any Borrower or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for any Borrower, or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Article 9.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date and year first above written and shall continue in operation for at least an initial period of twenty-five (25) years following the RFS Date (hereinafter referred to as "initial Period") and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
Subject to the provisions of this AGREEMENT, and with effect from the date when the party signing last in time appends its signature to this agreement ("the effective date"), and enduring in perpetuity unless terminated as provided for elsewhere in this AGREEMENT, SAP AFRICA grants, and TELKOM accepts a non-exclusive, non-transferable licence to USE the SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION and other SAP AFRICA PROPRIETARY INFORMATION at the specified DESIGNATED SITE within the TERRITORY.
The licence granted hereunder shall become effective upon execution of this AGREEMENT by both parties and shall endure indefinitely unless terminated under clause 6. 2.
Upon expiration of that 12 months, MMMW affords the Customer the opportunity of a continuation of support on an annual basis as follows: The Initial Term of this Technical Infrastructure Maintenance Agreement is twelve months, commencing on the Effective Date.
This Agreement commences on the date first above written, and will remain in effect for the period of five (5) years, except as otherwise provided herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 7, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, shall continue for the duration of the Lease, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3.
The initial period of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue until March 31, 2003.
This OMA shall expire upon the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the Effective Date and (ii) the date that all Shares of Stock of the Seller Trusts as set forth on Schedule A hereto have been sold (the "Term").
The Term will be 3 years from Effective Date with an automatic 2 year term extensions unless otherwise advised by one of the Parties.
This Agreement between HEMISPHERX and SCIEN shall be in effect beginning the last date of execution set forth on the signature page to the Agreement (the "Effective Date") to which this Quality Agreement is Exhibit 2 and remain in effect until HEMISPHERX and SCIEN terminate the Agreement or it is superseded by a revised Quality Agreement executed by both parties.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue unless and until terminated as provided herein.
Subject to Article 22.2, this Agreement shall remain in force for an Initial Period of 1 year, which may be renewed by mutual consent for such period as the Parties may agree ("Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement or for any of the following reasons:
This Agreement begins on the Effective Date and shall continue indefinitely unless sooner terminated as provided in this Article 5.
This Agreement shall terminate as to the Remarketing Agent and its obligations hereunder with respect to VRRM-MFP Shares upon the earliest to occur of (a) the effective date of the resignation or removal of such Remarketing Agent pursuant to Section 5(a) and Section 5(b), respectively, (b) the completion of a successful Transition Remarketing on a New Mode Commencement Date in connection with transition to a new Mode, or (c) the date on which no VRRM-MFP Shares are Outstanding.
In addition, the<omitted>obligations of the Remarketing Agents may be terminated by them by notice given to the Company prior to 12:00 noon, New York City time on the Remarketing Settlement Date if, prior to that time, any of the applicable conditions precedent to the obligations of the Remarketing Agents described in Section 5 hereof shall have failed to occur.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to earlier termination in accordance with the provisions of Section 16, shall continue in force for a period being the longer of fifteen (15) years from first Commercial Launch of the Product in the Territory or until the expiration of the last valid claim in the PPI Patents covering the Product in any country of the Territory (the "Initial Term").
In addition, the obligations of the Remarketing Agent hereunder may be terminated by it by notice given to the Company prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date immediately preceding the Commencement Date if, prior to that time, any of the events described in Sections 6(i), (j) or (k) shall have occurred.
This Agreement shall terminate (i) the Business Day immediately following the Remarketing Settlement Date, (ii) at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the last date of the Remarketing if the Remarketing is not successful or (iii) on the effective date of the resignation or removal of the Remarketing Agent and the appointment of a new Remarketing Agent.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Agreement or extended by mutual agreement between the parties, shall continue in effect for thirty six (36) months following the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall be effective on the later of the dates that it is executed by Imprimis and Surgical (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate pursuant to the terms of the SOW (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided in this Agreement, the initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period beginning on the Effective Date and ending ten (10) years thereafter unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall be five years commencing on the Effective Date and ending at the close of business on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement shall commence with the first race ----- of the 1998 Winston Cup season and shall continue until the final race of the year-2000 Winston Cup season.
The term of this Agreement will begin on December 15, 1997 and will end the later of (i) December 15, 1999 or (ii) Excite's delivery of all of the guaranteed Click-throughs described in Section 1(f).
This Agreement shall terminate and, subject to the provisions set forth below, be of no further force or effect on the exercise by the Sponsor of its right to terminate this Agreement as provided in subsection 6.2, provided that, in any event, sections 3, 7 and 8 and, in the event that such termination occurs by virtue of paragraph 6.2(b), subsection 2.5 shall not terminate (except as set forth therein) and shall continue in full force and effect for the benefit of the Sponsor or the other parties to this Agreement, as the case may be.
The term (the "Term") shall commence on November 1, 2007 and end on October 31, 2008 (unless terminated earlier in accordance with the General Provisions).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force and effect until one (1) year subsequent to the Effective Date, provided however, that Tickets may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon thirty (30) days' notice to MP3. com at any time prior to the expiration of sixty (60) days subsequent to the Effective Date.
This term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and terminates on August 2nd, 2015 upon completion of event.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for six (6) months.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue in effect for a period of five (5) years (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions set out herein.
This Agreement shall continue in force for a term of twelve (12) months from the Effective Date, unless terminated earlier under the provisions of this Article 8 (the "Term"); PROVIDED that TouchStar shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time after the Effective Date upon not less than fifteen (15) days' prior written notice to Reseller.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for an Initial Term of five (5) years, and will automatically renew for additional periods of five (5) years unless one Party notifies the other of its intention not to renew, no less than 12 months prior to the expiration of the then-current term, unless terminated as permitted under this Agreement.
This Agreement comes into force as of the Effective Date and shall remain valid during the term of the LSA.
This Supply Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue for a period of [***] unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Supply Agreement.
Unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.2 below, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a FIVE (5) year period.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of its execution and shall remain in force for three years (the "Initial Term").
The term of this Supply Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date first set forth above and shall remain in effect until the later of (a) July 31, 2021 or (b) the date that the Parties enter into the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement and Sutro is supplying to SutroVax each Product under the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement (the "Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with Section 10.2.
The term of this Agreement will commence upon the Effective Date and will continue until the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated or extended under this Article 8 (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of the Services, unless terminated as set out herein, shall continue up to and including 28 February 2000 ("the Initial Term").
This Development Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and continue for four (4) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 10.2, or unless the parties extend the term by mutual written Development Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement will be in effect for one year from the Effective Date and will automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods unless terminated as provided below.
This Agreement shall be effective through and including March 31, 2004.
This Agreement shall be effective until the earlier of (a) its termination in accordance with the provisions of this Article 14 or (b) the date that is two (2) years after the date of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement will renew automatically for successive terms of one (1) year each unless a party to this Agreement delivers written notice of termination to the other party to this Agreement at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the original or any renewal term or the parties to this Agreement do not agree in writing to the Quota Amount referred to in subsection 14.2(b)(1) for any one (1) year renewal term at least sixty (60) days prior to the commencement of such term.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on January 1, 2000 and continue for an initial period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 7 hereof, and may be renewed under Section 8 hereof (the initial period plus any renewal period, the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This agreement shall begin upon the date of its execution by MA and acceptance in writing by Company and shall remain in effect until the end of the current calendar year and shall be automatically renewed for successive one (1) year periods unless otherwise terminated according to the cancellation or termination provisions contained in paragraph 18 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall terminate on June 30, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement commences as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to any express provision of this Agreement, shall continue until five (5) years following the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b) [Term and Termination].
The term of this Agreement shall be effective as of the date first stated above and shall continue for a term of three (3) years, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement (the "Term"); provided, however, that PrimeCall may elect to terminate this Agreement, upon thirty (30) days' written notice, at any time from and after the time that collectively RSL Communications, Ltd. and/or its Affiliates holds less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of DeltaThree's outstanding shares.
This Agreement will become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated pursuant to Sections 3.1<omitted>, shall remain effective for two (2) years from and after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This agreement shall commence as of date first above written, and shall Continue through December 31, 2004 ("the Term").
The Term shall commence on July 23, 2013 and shall expire on July 22, 2016, unless otherwise terminated earlier pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall have an Initial Term of three (3) years.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for a period of five years following the initial date of execution of the Memorandum, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 6.2 or Section 2.8 ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall begin as of the Effective Date and continue until Acceptance of all Deliverables for Milestones #1 and #2 pursuant to Section 3.4 and completion of Milestone #3, unless earlier terminated under Section 8.2, as provided for under the Other Agreements, or as mutually agreed by the Parties.
The term of this Agreement shall automatically become effective upon the occurrence of (i) ETON executing a commercial supply agreement with a contract manufacturing organization within forty-five (45) days of the Execution Date, provided that ETON has exercised best efforts to execute such agreement and the failure to execute is solely caused by the refusal or inability of the proposed manufacturing organization to sign a reasonable agreement; and (ii) acceptance for review of the Dossier or marketing application for [ * * * ] by the FDA no later than September 2, 2019 (such date, the "Effective Date") and shall end upon the termination or expiration of the Agreement as set forth in Section 11 (the "Term").
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Article, this Agreement will continue in full force beginning on the Effective Date and ending two (2) years thereafter ("Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the longer of the first anniversary of the Effective Date or the duration of the Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement (the "Term").
This agreement begins on the Commencement Date and, subject to clause 11.2, shall continue for an initial term of one (1) years (Initial Term) and indefinitely after that until terminated by either party giving at least twelve (12) months' prior written notice to expire on or after the expiry date of the initial term.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date first written above and shall continue in effect for a period of Three (3) years.
This Agreement shall become effective upon the date first written above and shall remain in full force and effect for a period of two years (2), unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions in this Agreement.
Unless terminated earlier as provided in this agreement, this Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms hereo
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and automatically renewing annually thereafter, unless either party provides a thirty-day notice of written termination one to the other ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of four (4) years, commencing on the Effective Date, which term may be extended for up to three (3) years by written agreement of both Parties prior to the expiration date of the initial term or any extension thereof (collectively, the "Term").
The term of the Franchise shall be twenty (20) years, commencing on January 1, 2016.
The term of this Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue until terminated as hereinafter provided (the "Term").
Terms of the project: 12 weeks from February 8, 2018 to May 3, 2018
This Agreement shall come into force on the Date of the Agreement, and shall, subject to article 18, remain in full force and effect for an initial period of *** from the Commercial Launch Date.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for one (I) year, unless earlier terminated as expressly provided in Sections 1.3. 10.1. or 10.2 of this Agreement (the *Initial Term")
This Agreement will remain in effect for Thirty-six (36)<omitted>months following the Hosting Service Ready Date ("Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Article XVI, this IP Agreement and the licenses granted herein will continue in effect from the Effective Date until the expiration of the last to expire of the Patents and any additional period of time thereafter that any of the Patents remain enforceable such as in the United States where a party can sue for infringement after a patent expires and seek damages for any infringement of the patent during the six years immediately preceding the filing of a suit for infringement.
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate on December 31, 2034 (such period, including as may be extended in accordance with the subsequent sentence, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article 11, shall expire on the last day of the Royalty Term.
This term of this Agreement shall commence on the EFFECTIVE DATE and shall continue, in each country, until the date of expiration of the last to expire patent within PATENT RIGHT(S) in that country.
The "Term" of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration or earlier termination of the last Addendum to expire or be terminated, at which time this Agreement will expire, unless this Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") (a) shall commence on the first day of the Warranty Period for the first Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation and (b) shall, unless terminated earlier under Section 4.1 of this Agreement or unless extended by mutual agreement of the Parties, terminate on the date that is the last day of the Warranty Period for the last Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation.
Subject to all other terms and conditions set forth herein, as of the date of this agreement, LEADER maintain the software for an additional five years.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of year as of the Effective Date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated, shall continue in full force and effect for a period of [***] years thereafter.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect for an initial term of **** from the Supply Commencement Date of the Product ("Initial Term").
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Facility Addendum, this Agreement (a) shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of four (4) years from such date (the "Initial Term" of this Agreement), unless sooner terminated pursuant to Section 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 or 7.7, and (b) may be extended for up to three (3) additional periods of twelve (12) months (each, an "Extension Period") by written notice given by Customer to Manufacturer not less than twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Extension Period, as the case may be.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the 60th day following a written notice from one party to the other of its decision to terminate this Agreement at the end of such 60-day period or upon termination of the applicable Distribution Agreement with respect to a Fund.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on the date hereof (the "Commencement Date"), and will continue until the earlier of (i) December 31, 2022, (ii) the termination or expiration of the Studio Lease (defined below), (iii) election to terminate and notice thereof given by Programmer to Licensee, and (iv) mutual written consent of Licensee and Programmer (the "Term"), unless extended or earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11 hereof.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a period of five (5) years from the Reseller's first purchase order for Product issued to Todos (the "Initial Term"), unless terminated earlier by one of the parties in accordance with the terms of this Section 11.
The term of this JSMA shall commence on May 1, 2020 (the "Commencement Date") and ends at April 30, 2029 (the "Term"), with automatic renewals each for a period of five (5) years (a "Renewal Term") unless notice is given pursuant to 5.2.
Unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of Section ​12, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until July 31, 2019 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid until the [* * *] (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue to be in full force and effect for so long as Photronics and DNP, or any of their Affiliates, each remains a Shareholder of the Company.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect through December 31, 2021 and any Renewal Term (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier as set forth herein.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 12, shall extend until the four (4) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on September 10, 2015 and shall continue for One (1) Year (the "Term").
This Agreement becomes effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 11, shall continue until the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect for an initial period of 1 year ("Initial Term").
This term of this Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereto shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in perpetuity (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions contained herein.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of twelve (12) full calendar months ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term"), unless mutually extended by written agreement of the Parties or unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall commence effective as of the date hereof and shall expire on December 31, 2028.
This Agreement shall continue until January 18, 2022, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods ending on January 18th of each year, provided such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (a) the Fund's Board of Trustees and (b) a vote of a majority (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund's Trustees who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of the Plan, in this Agreement, or any agreement related to the Plan (the "Qualified Trustees"), by vote cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting on such approval.
With respect to each of the Services, the term thereof will be for a period commencing as of the date hereof, unless a different date is specified as the commencement date for any applicable Service on Exhibit A or Exhibit B (either, a "Commencement Date"), and shall continue until 12 months following the Commencement Date unless (i) such other date as is specified as the termination date for any applicable Service in this Agreement or on Exhibit A or Exhibit B, as applicable (the "Term") or (ii) earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement (a "Termination Date").
Cellco's appointment as custodian is effective as of the Initial Cutoff Date and will continue until the later of (i) the date on which all obligations of the Issuer have been paid in full and (ii) the date on which such appointment is terminated under this Section 3.10(f).
This Agreement will terminate on the earlier to occur of (a) the date upon which the last remaining Receivable is paid in full, settled, sold or written off and any amounts received are applied and (b) the Issuer is terminated under Section 8.1 of the Trust Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence as of April 1, 2018 (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon the later of: (a) the conclusion of the 2022/23 NFL season and (b) the last day in February, 2023 (such expiration date, the "Scheduled Expiration Date"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be valid for five (5) years from February 1, 2019 through January 31, 2024 unless this Agreement is terminated earlier pursuant to Section 14 (the "Term").
The term of this agreement will begin on April 1, 2018 and continue until April 30, 2018 at 11:59pm.
This agreement is for a term of ten (10) years.
This Agreement shall commence on March 15, 2018 and will expire on March 14, 2020 unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 13 of the Agreement (the "Term")
The Contract is valid for 5 years, beginning from and ended on .
The "Term" of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will end on the earlier of: (a) the first anniversary of the expiration date of the last Purchase Schedule (as defined in this next Section); (b) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party any time after the expiration of the last Purchase Schedule; or (c) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party as provided in Subsection 11(d) of this Agreement.
Termination Date: December 31, 2023
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the time periods set forth in Schedules 1 and 2 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and continues in perpetuity, unless termination occurs pursuant to Sections 4.2 through 4.4.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
The license granted to the Licensee under this Agreement shall continue perpetually
This Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
TERM: November 01, 2014 to October 31, 2017
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
Period of transportation services: this Agreement is valid for an indefinite term.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and unless earlier terminated as provided elsewhere in this Agreement, will end automatically upon the end of Year 3.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for one (1) year following the Launch Date, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
The Term shall commence on the date of this Agreement and, unless earlier terminated or extended as provided below, shall end as of December 31, 2000.
The term of this Agreement shall be for a period of two (2) years (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall end fifteen months therefrom.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon delivery of [**] to ebix, but in no way shall this Agreement extend any later than thirty (30) months from the Effective Date regardless of the number Filled Application Forms delivered to ebix. About will make commercially reasonable efforts to achieve that number in twelve (12) months or less from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end three (3) years from the date the Co-Branded Application becomes accessible to Excite@Home Members ("Launch Date").
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the date above, and shall continue for a term of one (1) year
Term shall mean the Effective Date through June 15, 2001 and any Renewal Term (as defined in paragraph 7.4 herein.)
INITIAL TERM shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the second anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11.
Initial Term shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the fourth anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8
This Agreement shall be effective upon the ------------------- Effective Date and shall remain in force for a period of one (1) year, and shall be automatically renewed for successive periods of one (1) year unless otherwise terminated as provided herein.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in force for three years from the Launch Date (the "Initial Term") unless earlier
"Launch Date" means the first date on which the Service is made publicly available.<omitted>This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date and will continue in effect for 2 years following the Launch Date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall ----------------------- commence on the Effective Date and end on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the date that the Affiliate Registration Form is approved by Chase and will end when terminated by either party.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of five (5) years from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term") after which this Agreement may be extended on mutual agreement of the parties (a "Renewal Term," and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
This Agreement will remain in force for perpetuity or until and unless otherwise mutually agreed or amended in writing by both parties.
The term of this Agreement will begin upon acceptance of Affiliate's Program application and will end when terminated by either party of this Agreement.
This Agreement is entered into for an unlimited period of time.
This Agreement shall be for the term of one year; thereafter, the Agreement shall renew automatically under these same terms and agreements unless superceded by future agreements.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until either Party informs the other Party with thirty (30) day prior written notice of termination of this Agreement.
The "Initial Term" shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire on March 31, 2011.
The term ("Term") of this Agreement shall be for one hundred eighty days (180) from the date set forth below unless Network 1 or Visa or MasterCard or Harris Bank doesn't approve Affiliate's ISO application, in which case, the Term will be 3 years.
Unless sooner terminated under the provisions hereof, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of one (1) year ("Term"). provided however, that the Parties may extend the Term for an additional year period by entering into an written addendum of the Agreement extending such term.
"CONTRACT PERIOD" means that period of time commencing upon the full execution of this Agreement by both Parties and terminating on May 31, 2016 unless sooner terminated under this Agreement.
All terms of this Agreement will automatically commence on November 1st, 2017, and expire on November 2nd, 2020.
"Term" means: 1.5t January 2013 to 315t December 2013 or until terminated under the provisions of this Agreement or the Primary Agreement.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time from February 21, 2011 through December 31, 2012.
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and ending on February 19, 2013 ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for two years from the date hereof, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (A) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund and (B) the vote of a majority of the Fund's directors who are not parties to this Agreement or "interested persons" (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Fund Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the Investment Fund Act.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this ARTICLE 13, shall remain in effect on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the expiration of the Royalty Term applicable to such Product and country (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect until the expiration of the Sublicense Agreement, unless earlier termination by pursuant to the terms of this Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4 of this Agreement, will continue until the expiration of the Warranty Period as defined in subsection 9(a) of this Agreement.
Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, the Parties' respective rights and obligations under this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force for ten (10) years after the First Commercial Sale of the first Licensed Product, and shall thereafter automatically renew for an unlimited period of time unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Section 15.2.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein, unless earlier terminated by either party, this Agreement shall expire on ______, 20___, and all rights of Developer herein shall cease and all unapplied or unused Development Fees paid pursuant to Section 3 hereof shall be forfeited to Franchisor.
Unless terminated pursuant to Section 10 or 11 below, it shall expire upon the earlier of the date specified in Exhibit "B" or upon the opening of the last El Pollo Loco® Restaurant listed in the Development Schedule.
Dr. Murray's obligations set out herein shall be performed from the Effective Date until December 31, 2018 (the initial "Services Term").
Except as otherwise stated herein as pertaining only to a Services Term, this Agreement shall remain in effect for ten years, unless terminated in accordance with Sections 6.1 (a) or 6.2(b).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance herewith, shall continue in force and effect until (a) the date of expiration of the last Royalty Term for the last Licensed Product, or (b) the expiration of the License Option Period and the failure of AbbVie to exercise the License Option (such period, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") will begin on the date this Agreement is signed by the last signatory ("Effective Date") and remain in effect for [***]; provided, however, that the terms of this Agreement shall remain applicable to any SOW that was executed by the Parties prior to the expiration or termination of this Agreement but whose period of performance extends beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue thereafter for a period of twelve (12) months (the "Initial Term").
The Term shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of five (5) years.
The term "Term" shall mean an initial term of five years, automatically renewable thereafter for successive 5-year terms unless either party provides prior written notice of termination not less than 90 days prior to the end of such five-year term; provided, however, T&B shall have the right to terminate the license after the first year of the Term if LEA does not conduct the Business so as to meet the Cash Sales benchmarks set by the parties for years two through five of the Term, as set forth in Section 3.3, below.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless the Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will come into effect on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force for ten (10) years from the Launch (the "Initial Term"), or the date of expiry of the last valid patent of the Licensed Product, whichever comes later, subject to clauses 19.2, 19.3, 19.4 and 19.5 hereunder
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will commence on the Effective Date and will expire upon the earliest of (i) termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 14.2, or (ii) the date of payment of the last Approval Payment due based on all applicable Regulatory Approvals which have been received.
The term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article XII, shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration of Sanofi's payment obligations under Article IX or the Profit/Loss Share Agreement, whichever is later (the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 14 hereof (the "Term").
This Agreement commences on the date it is executed and shall continue until full performance by both parties, or until earlier terminated by one party under the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will be for the maximum period of six (6) months beginning for the commencement date, renewable in accordance with the terms hereof, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.
This Agreement will be in effect for three (3) years from the Effective Date ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Unless otherwise stated in the Appendix the term of this letter Agreement shall continue for twenty-four (24) months with the effective date unless terminated sooner or extended pursuant to the terms hereof ("Initial Term")
Contract end: 04-01-08
The initial term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and end twelve (12) months after the Launch (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b).
This Agreement and the provisions hereof, except as otherwise provided, shall be in full force and effect commencing on the date of execution by both Parties and shall extend for an initial term of two (2) years.
This Agreement will become effective as of the last date of signature (Effective Date) and shall, unless sooner terminated as provided below or as otherwise agreed, remain effective for an initial term of 10 Years following the first date of public availability of the PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Content within a THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION Property (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the date on which it is signed and affixed with the corporate seals by the authorized representative of each Party and have a term of five (5) years commencing as of the effective date hereof.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, except as set forth in Subsection (ii), continue in full force and effect through the Delivery Period.
This agreement will be in effect until the end of 2006 and will be evaluated at that time.
This Agreement shall take effect from the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect for twenty (20) years thereafter, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Clause 8.
Expiration Date: August 31, 2006
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on the Expiration Date set forth above (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 3(b).
The Term of the Agreement is hereby extended to January 20, 2012 unless sooner terminated as provided for in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be in effect until March 18. 2021, unless sooner terminated by either party upon (30) days written notice, without cause.
This contract shall remain in effect initially for the five (5) year term ("Initial Term") from the date signed and shall be automatically extended for one (1) year periods after the Initial Term ("Renewal Term") unless (i) either party provides written notice of its intention not to renew the Agreement within 180 days prior to any Renewal Term; or (ii) this Agreement is otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms of this Section 12.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate in _____________, on _____________, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement may be renewed for successive one (1) year periods if STAAR and Distributor expressly agree in writing and in their sole discretion to renew this Agreement prior to the foregoing termination date or any successive renewal term.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until September 1, 2045, unless earlier terminated by either Party pursuant to this Article 12 (the "Term").
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, all rights and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect for a period of eighteen (18) months after the initial theatrical release of that Property.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, including Robots, Kingdom of Heaven, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, In Her Shoes, Idiocracy (Oww My Balls) and Ice Age II, all right and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect until March 31, 2008."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Term") is the Effective Date through March 15, 2022.
This Agreement expires ten (10) years from the Agreement Date (the "Term"), unless it is terminated sooner as provided in other sections of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided under this Agreement, shall terminate five (5) years following the date of launch of the first Website, but in no event later than February 28, 2013 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue thereafter for a period of two (2) years, unless extended by written agreement of both parties or sooner terminated as set forth below.
This Agreement and the license granted herein shall remain effective until terminated.
Unless otherwise provided herein, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue through the completion or termination of Developer's services and work product as mutually agreed upon between the Parties (the Project).
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Commencement Date and will continue through December 31, 2022 or until this Agreement is otherwise terminated in accordance with its provisions ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate automatically without notice on December 31, 2022, unless the Parties agree in writing to extend the term of the Agreement (the initial term and any renewal terms are referred to collectively herein as the "Term").
This Second Amendment shall be effective from The Second Amendment Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2021.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue for a period of three (3) years therefrom (the "Term").
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue until termination as provided below.
This Agreement is for a term (the "Term") of 12 months from the Effective Date on June 1s t 2020 and expiring May 31st 2021.
This Agreement shall be in full force and effect commencing on January 2, 2020 and shall remain in effect for one (1) year or until Consultant completes the services requested
The term of this Agreement shall commence on January 10th, 2019 and shall expire on the day that is twenty-four (24) months from that date (the "Term of Engagement") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Term: twelve (12) months from the date of the Agreement which term shall automatically renew for an additional twelve (12) months on such date if the Agreement is not otherwise terminated according to Section 8 of the Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be the sooner of six (6) months from the Effective Date, or replacement of this Agreement with a subsequent agreement between the Parties.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the four-year anniversary of the Effective Date (such period, as it may be extended, either by the mutual written agreement of the parties or automatically, or earlier terminated being referred to as the "Consultation Period"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4, and shall automatically renew for successive one-year periods, unless the Company provides 90 days' notice of termination before any such successive period.
The term of this Agreement is for a period of five (5) years (the "Term") commencing on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the termination provisions of this Agreement, ending on January 31, 2025.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall expire twenty (20) years from the effective date of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
The term of this Agreement for the Hosted Site shall commence upon April 1, 1999 and shall continue for a period of six (6) months, unless earlier terminated in accordance with provisions hereof.
This Agreement shall continue in effect from the Effective Date for a one (1) year period, unless earlier terminated as set forth below, and thereafter shall renew automatically for successive one (1) year periods unless either party gives the other party at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of its intent not to renew the Agreement.
The effective term is 12 months beginning March 1, 2005 and ending February 28, 2006.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a period of 12 months thereafter (the "Period") in full force and effect until it is terminated in accordance with this Section 3.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated under this Article, shall continue in effect until the Conversion Date (the "Term"); provided that, with respect to any LMG Tools identified in Exhibit A as having a license term beyond the Conversion Date, TAG's License to, and LMG's obligation to provide LMG Services for, such LMG Tools shall survive for the period specified in Exhibit A.
The term of this Agreement is for ten (10) years commencing on the date of this Agreement, unless terminated as provided by this Agreement.
The obligations of the Agent pursuant to this Agreement shall terminate upon termination of the Offering, but in no event later than 45 days after the completion of the Subscription Offering (the "End Date").
The initial term of this Agreement is one (1) year from the date of delivery of the Product to Licensee unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
1 April 2009
The maintenance is for a period of one (1) year commencing upon expiration of the initial one (1) year term of the License/Services Schedule.
XIMAGE's obligations hereunder shall become effective upon the "Effective Date" and, unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall remain in full force and effect for at least one year thereafter.
This Agreement be deemed effective as of the Effective Date, Agreement and shall terminate on December 31, 2020, unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 3.2.
This Agreement shall continue in force until the earlier to occur of (i) the Owner no longer owns any Receivables or Participation Interests, and (ii) subject to Section 7(d), the delivery of written notice of termination by the Owner to the Servicer pursuant to Section 7(c), in each case upon which event this Agreement shall automatically terminate unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Servicer and the Owner.
Agent's appointment hereunder shall commence on the next business day after the later of (i) the date hereof, or (ii) the date Agent has confirmed that Client's records have been converted to Agent's system (the "Effective Date"), and shall continue for three years thereafter (the "Initial Term").
In relation to each Fund, this Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (a) the expiration of the term of such Fund or (b) the date, if any, on which Oaktree US (or any affiliate it has substituted in its stead in accordance with such Fund's Fund Agreement) is removed as general partner of such Fund or (c) the Sub-Advisor ceasing to be authorised and regulated by the FCA.
This Agreement shall take effect on the date of signature of the Agreement by both parties and shall terminate when all obligations required of both parties hereunder are performed unless either terminated earlier or extended by the parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement subject to clause 4.0.
At any time that there is no uncompleted Statement of Work outstanding, either party may terminate this Agreement for any or no reason upon fifteen (15) days advance notice to the other.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof and shall continue until terminated by either party pursuant to Paragraph 6 hereof.
The term of this Services Agreement shall begin on the date of execution and shall continue in effect for a period of two years.
Subject to the provisions for termination hereinafter provided, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a minimum period of 12 months (the "Minimum Period") and thereafter upon the mutual agreement of the Company and Maimon (the "Service Term").
This Agreement shall terminate (a) at the option of any party, upon 90 days' advance written notice to the other parties hereto; or (b) in the event of a material breach that has not been cured within ten days following a written notice of breach to the breaching party.
This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by the Parties.
The Appointment may be terminated by either party giving the other at least 12 months' notice in writing.
Your employment shall commence on 26 September 2019 and shall continue unless and until either party gives notice to the other in accordance with paragraph 11 below.
This Agreement shall terminate immediately and automatically upon the termination of Company's Participation Agreement(s) with the Funds, and in such event no notice need be given hereunder.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
"Service Period" means April. 1st 2019 through to March 30, 2020<omitted>The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
Subject to earlier termination as provided below, this Service Agreement is for the total duration of the Company's Offering (the "Initial Term") unless either party requests termination at least 30 days prior to the end of the then-current term.
The Executive's employment with the Company will commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue, subject to the remaining terms of this Agreement, until terminated by either party giving the other the following minimum advance written notice: 2.1.1 6 weeks' notice; 2.1.2 such other longer period as required by law.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the day and year first above written and shall govern the relations between the parties hereto thereafter, unless terminated as set forth in this Section 6.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year, commencing January 1, 2008 and ending on December 31, 2008.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate at the end of the Exclusivity Period (i.e., a three (3) year period commencing on the Effective Date).
Subject to the provisions of Section 14 hereof, the term of this Agreement and the sponsorship described herein shall commence on January 1, 2010 and extend through December 31, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be four (4) Processing Years commencing on the Effective Date of this Agreement and ending on June 30, 2010 unless
This Agreement shall automatically terminate at and as of (the first to occur of): (a) 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on the 30th day after the Effective Date (if Purchaser has not commenced the Offer, with the unanimous consent of the Sponsors, by then); (b) the expiration of the Offer (if the Offer is not consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), subject to any extension or subsequent offering period; and (c) the expiration of the Interim Period (if the Offer is consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), in any case, unless sooner terminated by unanimous written consent of the Participating Sponsors; provided, however, that any liability for failure to comply with this Agreement shall survive any such termination.
Unless otherwise terminated as specified in this Section 12, the ---- term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and will not end until the later of (a) twelve (12) months from the Launch Date; or (2) the date Intuit displays a total of 176,717,916 Impressions in accordance with the terms set forth herein ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the "Effective Date" and shall continue for ten (10) Contract Years, unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 6 of this Agreement or extended by renewal by written agreement of the Parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 13(o) of this Agreement (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided for herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence as of the date hereof and shall terminate at the end of the Season which is scheduled to end on October 12, 2002 (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and conclude on October 31, 2010, unless renewed by agreement or sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
If the Launch Date has not occurred by August 31, 1999, Sponsor shall, in its sole discretion, be entitled to terminate this Agreement without any liability and receive a full refund of all amounts paid by Sponsor to drkoop.com pursuant to this Agreement prior to the date of such termination.
The initial term (the "Initial Term"; and together with all extensions and renewals, the "Term") will begin on the date set forth above * * * (the "Launch Date") on which: (i) each of the Sponsor Areas of the drkoop.com Website are operational in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (other than the e-commerce tile placements); and (ii) the links to the<omitted>Sponsor Website or Vitamin Buzz contained in the Sponsor logos or the Sponsor banner advertisements are established in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, subject to earlier termination as set forth in this Agreement.
In the event that Excite has not delivered XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX clickthroughs to the Client Site by the end of twelve (12) months after the Launch Date, the first year of the term of the Agreement will be extended without additional sponsorship and advertising fees for up to an additional four (4) months.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not end until Excite displays of a total of XXXXXXXXXXXXX impressions of Client's advertising banners and promotional placements on the Excite Site and Excite has made reasonable commercial efforts to deliver, at minimum, a goal of XXXXXXXX clickthroughs to the Client Site.
Regardless of Excite's actual delivery of impressions and clickthroughs, the term of this Agreement will not be shorter than two (2) years after the display of the first of Client's advertising banners and promotional placements, subject to the termination rights set forth below.
The initial production period shall be for a period of two (2) months to commence on November 4, 1998 (the "Production Period"), and the remaining term of this Agreement shall be for a period of twenty four (24) months to commence on the tentative launch date of January 4, 1999, unless terminated earlier as provided herein (the "Promotion Period"), (The Production Period and the Promotion Period shall be collectively referred to as the "Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and, unless terminated as provided herein, shall continue through November 30, 1998.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on July 19, 1999 and shall ---- thereafter continue until all above described Sponsor benefits are completed, but in no event beyond the end of the 1999 season (the "Term").
If Hydron does not timely exercise its right to terminate this Agreement, then Hydron agrees that this Agreement shall continue for the entire four (4) year term unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end on the second (2nd) anniversary of the Commencement Date.
Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall take effect on December 1st, 2015 and shall expire on November 30, 2016.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the specific terms of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not end until Excite displays a total of [*****] impressions of the Client advertising banners and promotional placements on the Excite Network as described in this Agreement and pushes [*****] emails using the email vehicles specified in Exhibit B
The services described herein to be provided by Agency shall begin upon execution and delivery of the Outsourcing Agreement and shall continue until termination of Contractor's activities to administer the Notes thereunder.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the date first set forth above, and shall continue in full force and effect until terminated as provided below.
The initial term ("Initial Term") of this Agreement shall be for one year commencing on the 1st day of May, 2006 ("Effective Date").
This agreement shall commence on January 20, 2014 (the "Effective Date") and shall continue in effect for six (6) months (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of the contracted agreement is 5 years from the commencement date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and extend for three (3) years thereafter ("INITIAL TERM"), with an automatic renewal for an indefinite period of time ("EXTENDED TERM"), unless terminated by the parties according to Sections 16.2. or 16.3. herein.
The term of this Agreement will commence on January 1, 1998 (the "Effective Date") and will end on December 31, 1998.
"Term" shall mean the period commencing on the Effective Date and terminating on the eighth anniversary of the Commencement Date, unless the Agreement is extended in accordance with its provisions.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on November 30, 2014 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall be valid for an indefinite period.
This Attachment and its Product Attachments shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in Section 5.0 of the Base Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in Section 5.0.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms hereof, the term of this Agreement shall end on the seventh anniversary of the date hereof.
This Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement will be for two (2) year(s) commencing on the Effective Date.
This Agreement is effective as of August 1, 2004, (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate on July 31, 2009, (the "Termination Date") unless earlier terminated or extended as provided for herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date unless sooner terminated pursuant to the termination provisions herein.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of 1 year after the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated as set forth herein (the "TERM").
This Amendment shall enter into force on the date of its signature by both Parties and, unless otherwise agreed upon in writing by the Parties through a subsequent amendment to the GMA, shall remain in force for the term of the referenced GMA.
The Agreement shall end on the End Date without any further action, unless otherwise provided under this Agreement.
"End Date" means the date on which this Agreement is terminated or expires, and shall be the earlier to occur of the following, as appropriate: (i) the end of the Initial Term as defined in Clause 3.1of this Agreement; or, (ii) the end of the term of each annual renewal of this Agreement as per Clause 3.2 of this Agreement; or, (iii) the date on which all or part of this Agreement is terminated as per Clause 16 ("Termination");
The Agreement enters into force on the Signing Date; it will have a duration of [*****] as from the Start Date (the "Initial Term").
The first paid (Initial) Maintenance Term shall commence upon expiration of the Warranty Period and shall continue for twelve (12) months thereafter.
This Agreement shall apply and remain in effect from the Effective Date and perpetually thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the Section entitled "Termination."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the date that payment is due for Minimum Payment Period 7, pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof and as set forth in Attachment B hereof, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
This Agreement shall come into force on the Effective Date and shall remain in force and effect for a period of [Redacted - Commercially Sensitive - Term Details] , unless this Agreement is extended or previously terminated in accordance with this clause 12, pursuant to clause 15.1 (Force Majeure), or (ii) by the mutual written consent of the Parties (the "Term").
The Agreement shall have an initial term of ten (10) years commencing from the Effective Date and ending on the tenth (10th) anniversary thereof (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of Section 15.2 or Section 15.3.
The "Term" shall begin on the date hereof and shall expire December 31, 2023, subject to early termination pursuant to the terms of Section 19. Flotek, may, by written notice given to FCC on or before September 30, 2023, elect for the Term to be extended to December 31, 2024.
TERM OF EXECUTION From January 30, 2012 until July 29, 2012
Subject to the General Terms and Conditions of Transporter's FERC Gas Tariff and Rate Schedule FTS/ITS, this Agreement shall be effective as of the date of physical completion of and initial deliveries on Transporter's pipeline and shall continue for a primary term of ten years.
This Agreement shall be effective from the date first above written and shall continue indefinitely until terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
The Agreement shall continue through the project's in-service date and for a period of fifteen (15) years after the project's in-service date ("Initial Term").
"Initial Term" means the period commencing on the Effective Date and concluding on the last day of the month in which the fifth anniversary of the Offtake Agreement Effective Date falls.
"Offtake Agreement" means that certain Crude Oil Sale and Purchase Agreement between the Principal and STASCO dated 1 November 1999.
This contract shall be effective as of November 1, 2002, and shall remain in force and effect, unless modified as per Exhibit B, until October 31, 2012.
"Royalty Term" means, with respect to sales of a Product in the Territory, the time period beginning on the First Commercial Sale of such Product in the Territory and expiring on the latest of the following dates: (a) *** (b) *** (c) ***<omitted>Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall continue in effect until the expiration of the Royalty Term as defined in Section 1.87 ("Term"), and thereafter Green Cross has no remaining payment obligations with respect to the Products pursuant to Section 8.5 above and MacroGenics shall have no further obligations hereunder.
The term of the agreement is 20 years, during which if any main equipment of any Party stops operation due to technical problem or at the end of its life cycle, the agreement shall be automatically terminated.
This Agreement shall come into force as of January 1, 2013 and remain valid for 1 year.
As of the effective date hereof, the original cooperation of mobile game business executed between the Parties shall terminate automatically.
Party A and Party B agree and confirm that the term of cooperation under this Agreement shall commence from the execution date hereof and end on the expiration date of the operation term of Party B ("Term of Cooperation").
Unless this Agreement is early terminated in accordance with this Agreement or other agreements signed by the Parties hereof, the term of the validity of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date.
"Intended End of Term" means the later of (a) the seventh (7th) anniversary of the Effective Date and (b) the date determined to be the "Intended End of Term" under Section 7.2.2(d) (Effects of Tolling).<omitted>This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms, including by Ginkgo pursuant to Section 7.3 (Buy-Down Election) or extended by the mutual written agreement of the Parties, shall continue until the Intended End of Term (such time period, as may be extended pursuant to this Section 13.3.1 (Term - General), the "Term"); provided that, if,<omitted>at the expiration of the Intended End of Term, Ginkgo has paid the Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitment, but will not have paid to BLI the Full Purchase Target, then the Term of this Agreement shall automatically extend for an additional [***] ([***]) year period from the date of the expiration of the then-Intended End of Term so that, among other things, BLI may potentially receive the benefit of the Full Purchase Target and Ginkgo may receive the continuing benefit of royalty-free licenses.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial term of three (3) years from the Promotion Commencement Date, divided into three one-year periods.
Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall commence effective June 1, 1998, and shall continue for a term of three (3) years expiring May 31, 2001 (the "Term").
"Term" means the earlier of: (a) the end of the two year period from the Effective Date to 31 July 2013; or (b) the last day of the calendar month within which the Maximum Distribution Commitment is reached.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as set out in this Agreement, shall continue for the Term.
This promotion shall begin on June 1,1999 and shall terminate June 1, 2000 (herein "Term")
The Joint Venture shall commence on the 1st of March, 2003, and shall be effective until February 28, 2004 unless extended by written agreement of the Joint Venturers not less than thirty (30) days prior to scheduled termination.
Except as otherwise provided herein, the term of this Agreement is three (3) years from the Execution Date ("Cooperation Period").
The term of this Agreement is twelve (12) months from the date hereof, and will be automatically renewed for one (1) additional twelve month period unless either party shall notify the other in writing of its intention not to renew.
This Agreement is effective as of the date hereof and shall remain in full force and effect for the period (the "Covered Period") commencing on the date hereof and ending on the date that is the earliest of: (i) the Company's failure to appoint the ValueAct Designee to the Board following the ValueAct Group's written request to the Company to have the ValueAct Designee appointed to the Board pursuant to Section 1(a) of this Agreement; (ii) the failure of the Company to comply in good faith with Section 1(e) of this Agreement; or (iii) the date which is the 60t h day prior to the Company's 2016 annual meeting of stockholders.
This Agreement shall take effect as of the Effective Date and shall expire upon completion of the Project as set forth in the Project Plan and after payment of all payments due and payable according to this Agreement, unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
"Expiration Date" means March 31, 2020.
The Joint Venture is a fixed term Joint Venture beginning November 27, 2018 and ending November 30th, 2019 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on February 1, 1998 and end on the first anniversary of the date of this Agreement; provided that (a) either party may terminate this Agreement, effective at any time after the first three months of the Term, by giving 30 days' written notice of termination to the other party, and (b) either party may terminate this Agreement at any time by giving written notice of termination to the other party, if the other party commits a material breach of its obligations hereunder that is not cured within 30 days after notice thereof from the non-breaching party.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue, unless terminated sooner in accordance with this Article VIII, until June 27, 2011 (the "Term").
This Agreement shall continue until terminated as provided herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated under the terms of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the Services to be provided with respect to any Account which is registered as an investment company under the 1940 Act (herein referred to as a "registered investment company") are services referred to in the definition of "investment advisor" under Section 202(a)(11) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (herein referred to as "investment advisory services"), then with respect to such Account, this Agreement: (i) shall not commence until the effective date of its approval by the board of directors or trustees ("Board") of such Account; (ii) shall continue from year to year thereafter, subject to the provisions for termination and all other terms and conditions hereof, only if such continuation shall be specifically approved at least annually by a majority of the Board, including a majority of the members of the Board who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons of any such party (other than as members of the Board) cast in person at a meeting called for that purpose; (iii) may be terminated at any time without the payment of any penalty by the Board or by a vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities (as defined in Section 2(a)(42) of the 1940 Act) of the Account on 60 days' written notice to the Adviser; (iv) shall automatically terminate in the event of (A) its assignment (as defined in the 1940 Act) or (B) termination of the Advisory Agreement for any reason whatsoever.
Subject to the remaining provisions of this Section, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the effective date first above written and shall continue until terminated by mutual agreement of the parties hereto or by either party on not less than 60 days' written notice to the other party hereto.
This Limited Power of Attorney shall be revoked and terminated automatically upon the cancellation or termination of the Services Agreement or as to any Fund upon the cancellation or termination of the Adviser's Investment Advisory Contract for such Fund.
Unless otherwise mutually agreed to by the Parties, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end upon expiration of the Term, unless terminated early as contemplated hereunder.
"Term" means, on a Country-by-Country and Collaboration Product-by-Collaboration Product basis, the period from the Effective Date until the later of (a) the expiration or termination of the last Valid Claim of a Patent Right covering the Pooled Compound in such Collaboration Product in such Country, and (b) fifteen (15) years from First Commercial Sale in such Country, unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with Article 14.
The term of the CDx Development Program shall be five (5) years.
The term for Database Insights under Section 3.1.8 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Database Insights Term").
The term "Agreement Term" shall mean the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is terminated sooner as provided in Article 17, expiring on the date when all work has been completed or terminated under all R&D Plans.
The initial term of the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program will be five (5) years beginning on the Effective Date.
The term for Sample Profiling set forth in Section 3.1.4 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Profiling Term").
This Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue for the Agreement Term.
The initial term of the ctDNA Platform Development Program will be twelve (12) months.
The initial term of this Agreement shall, unless sooner terminated by consent of all parties, expires in five (5) years from the date of Effective Date.
The Contract Term shall extend for a period of fifty (50) years.
This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date, and will continue until the expiration of the "Sales Term" as that term is defined in the Sales Dealer Agreement dated as of August 16, 2017 between Vivint and Vivint Solar Developer, LLC (the "Term")."
The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years, subject to the prior termination rights provided below.
Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, this Agreement continues in effect for an initial term of seven (7) years ("Initial Term") and will automatically renew for one or more annual periods after the Initial Term (each a "Renewal Term") unless either party gives notice of non-renewal at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the beginning of any Renewal Term.
The duration of this Venture (the "Term") will begin on March 1, 2020 and continue in full force and effect until February 28, 2025 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
This Amendment shall only become effective upon the VNBJ Closing with respect to Article 1.1 and the VNBZ Closing with respect to Article 1.2, and shall terminate without any force or effect in the event that the VNBJ SPA and the VNBZ SPA are terminated in accordance with the terms thereof.
This JV Agreement shall become effective on the signing date and shall have a duration of * years, extendable for a further * years, unless notice of non- renewal is sent one year before the natural expiry date.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of execution and shall continue in force and effect for an indefinite term thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the provisions of Article 16 or by all the Parties in writing.
This agreement shall terminate: a. Automatically if any public authority cancels or declines to renew the Agency's license or Certificate of Authority. b. Immediately if either party gives detailed written notice to the other of alleged gross and willful misconduct, fraud or material misrepresentation.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date hereof and shall terminate upon the termination of the Offering.
This Agreement will become effective as of the date first written above and will continue in effect thereafter until terminated pursuant to Paragraph 4.2 below.
This Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years commencing upon the Effective Date hereof unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement (the "Initial Term").
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the later to occur of the date that is (x) three (3) years from the date hereof and (y) the date on which an affiliate of Freedom Mortgage is not acting as the external manager of Cherry Hill.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years following the Effective Date or until the Studies are completed, whichever is later, unless extended or unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof.
Term: This Study Order will continue until the Study is completed, which is expected to be ________ (__) months after the Effective Date, or until terminated early as provided in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the date first set forth above and, shall expire on the later of (i) five (5) years from the date hereof, or (ii) with respect to any projects identified in any contract for which VET TECH is billing the client directly, upon the completion of COOL TECH's Services and receipt of payment by COOL TECH from VET TECH for said services.
Unless terminated sooner, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years thereafter (the "Initial Term") and shall automatically renew for additional one (1) year terms on the terms and conditions set forth herein (each a "Renewal Term" and collectively, the "Term") unless either party gives the other Party Notice of its intention to terminate this Agreement ninety (90) days before the end of the Initial Term or Renewal Term, if any.
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this ---- Agreement shall terminate on the later of (i) the third anniversary of the Effective Date or (ii) the date on which ETI ceases to be a Subsidiary of NTL.
THIS STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), made effective this 17t h day of February 2016, through February 16, 2019 (the "Initial Term") i
Either party may terminate this agreement after 3 years following the effective date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall remain in effect for a period of 5 years ("Initial Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years from the date of execution and may be extended subject to satisfactory agreement on ongoing commercial terms, to be agreed two (2) months prior to the expiration of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until the later of (a) the fourth (4th) anniversary of the Effective Date, or (b) the completion or termination of the Research and receipt by LBIO of all deliverables due from MD Anderson hereunder, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.2 or Section 9.14.
This Agreement is effective on the Effective Date and shah continue in effect until the earlier of (a) the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date, and (b) termination by either Party for any reason upon thirty (30) days' written notice to the other Party; provided, however, that no Party shall be able to terminate this Agreement so long as such Party is a Defaulting Party under this Agreement.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until it is terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 15 of this Agreement ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and will continue in effect until five (5) year(s) from such date (the "Initial Term") unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 25.
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Initial Term") will be ten (10) years from the Effective Date, provided that at any time following the 7th anniversary of such date, either party may terminate such strategic alliance upon not less than 60 days' prior written notice to the other party.
The rights and obligations of the Farids Group set forth in this Article VI (other than those set forth in Sections 6.8 and 6.9) shall terminate on the date that the Farids Group owns less than 3% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock, but in no event earlier than the Expiration Date (as defined in the Warrant).
The term of this Agreement is twenty-four (24) months.
This Agreement shall be for an initial term of five (5) years, and unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall automatically renew for an additional term of five (5) years thereafter.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for a term of ten (10) years, unless previously terminated in accordance with Clause 15 (Termination).
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of two (2) years ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 11 of this Agreement.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 4.2 or 4.3, this Agreement will be in effect from the Effective Date until completion of the Research Program.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of three (3) years after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement is effective on the day of May 1, 2013 and the effective term is the same as the Cooperation Ter
The Cooperation Term of the parties shall be two years from May 1, 2013 to April 30, 2015.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, (i) that this Section 8 shall survive any such termination and (ii) no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, shall continue in full force and effect until terminated pursuant to this Article 18.
This Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of: (i) the conclusion of the Standstill Period or (ii) delivery of written notice by one Party to the other Party of a material breach of this Agreement by the breaching Party that is uncured after ten (10) calendar days of notice of such breach.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement will be effective as of the date of its execution, and term of the Cooperation will be four years from the date on which the channel is uploaded.<omitted>The channel is expected to be uploaded on August 1, 201
Unless otherwise mutual agreed between the Parties, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the earlier of the below events occur: (a) The fifth (5t h) anniversary of this Agreement; and (b) Otkritie ceasing to own more than 2,237,216 class B shares or American depositary shares of QIWI.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period in accordance with Section 4, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
Subject to the other provisions contained herein, this AGREEMENT shall be for a term of thirty (30) years from the Effective Date, which shall automatically renew from year-to-year thereafter unless terminated by a Party upon sixty (60) days' written notice after the end of the term.
The term of this Agreement shall be fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the following provisions of this Article:
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this IP Agreement shall extend until the last date of expiration of the SRAM Intellectual Property rights licensed under this IP Agreement.
The term of this Agreement is five (5) years unless the early termination in accordance with this Agreement.
The provisions of this Agreement, including the license rights provided in this Article III, shall not be terminable or revocable for any reason.
The term of this IP Agreement shall be from the Effective Date until all of the Intellectual Property licensed hereunder is in the public domain (provided, however, that in such event the representations and warranties in Article III shall survive (and terminate) in accordance with the Acquisition Agreement) or this IP Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 4.3.
This Agreement shall remain in effect for sixty (60) months from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
Unless otherwise agreed in writing by Accuray and Distributor and subject to the termination rights contained in this Agreement, this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until the termination of the Strategic Alliance Agreement; provided, however, that if a Termination Election relating to this Agreement is made pursuant to Section 10.3 of the Strategic Alliance Agreement prior to such termination, this Agreement shall terminate 36 months after such Termination Election (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement shall terminate on May 31, 2015, unless sooner terminated.
As provided for in this Section 1, the term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years, beginning on the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"); provided, however, the Initial Term shall be subject to automatic successive renewal terms of three (3) years each (the "Renewal Terms" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
The terms of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date and will be automatically renewed on each anniversary of the effective date, for a renewal term of one year unless either party provides written notification of its intention not to renew this Agreement at least one month prior to the expiration of the initial or any renewal terms.
Distributor's appointment is for a term of one year from the Effective Date, renewable automatically unless terminated under Section 18
The Term will commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and will remain in effect, unless sooner terminated under paragraphs 5.2, 5.3, or 5.4, until the termination date specified in Exhibit A.
September 30, 1997
This Agreement shall have an initial term of one (1) year from the date first above written (the "Initial Term"), and shall thereafter automatically renew for successive two (2) year periods (each a "Renewal Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement shall be two (2) years from the Effective Date with automatic annual renewals thereafter provided either party does not provide sixty (60) days notice of termination prior to the renewal date or the Agreement is not otherwise terminated as set forth in Section 8.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) calendar years from the Agreement date.
The term of this Agreement shall be ten (10) years (the "Term") which shall commence on the date upon which the Company delivers to Distributor the last Sample, as defined hereinafter.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date first above written and shall terminate on 31 December 2006, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years from the date first set forth above and shall thereafter automatically renew for additional two (2) year terms unless a party provides the other party with notice of non-renewal no less than 6 months prior to the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term unless earlier terminated as follows
April 15, 2000 through October 15, 2000 (6 Months from the Effective Date)
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) years from the Effective Date and shall thereafter be automatically renewed for subsequent one (1) year periods unless either party notifies the other in writing of its election not to renew the Agreement at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the expiration of the then-current term.
Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until terminated by either Party upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice.
This contract shall be for a term of one year commencing on the date first above written; thereafter, it shall automatically continue until terminated by either party upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for 3 years (the "Initial Term") commencing on the date first set forth above (the "Commencement Date") and ending on the 3rd anniversary of the Commencement Date.
The Term of this Agreement shall be for a period of [* ****] years and [*****] months commencing the 1st day of September 2004 and terminating the [*****] day of [*****].
The term of the license hereby granted shall commence August 1, 1995 and continue until January 30, 2000, unless sooner terminated in the manner provided in the immediately succeeding sentence or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
Unless otherwise provided for in this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall be three years, commencing on the date of this Agreement and expiring on the third anniversary date of this Agreement (the "Termination Date").
The COMPANY agrees to a one year engagement to contract the CELEBRITY to speak at the company meetings and seminars along with endorsement of the Company products.
Notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement shall terminate upon the Trust's payment to the Company of the sum of the aggregate amount of the premiums paid under the Policy since inception (which amount includes the outstanding principal balance of the Demand Note).
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing on January 1, 2000 and concluding December 31, 2003, unless terminated sooner as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall extend from the date of execution hereof through and until _______, unless extended by written agreement of the parties.
The term of this Agreement shall commence January 1, 1996, and shall continue for a period of three (3) years, concluding December 31, 1998.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing as of May 31, 1999 and concluding May 31, 2000.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Article 13, shall continue in full force and effect, on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the Secondary Royalty Term with respect to such Product expires, at which time this Agreement shall expire in its entirety with respect to such Product in such country.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and unless terminated earlier by mutual written agreement of the Parties or pursuant to Section 9.2 (Termination At Will) or Section 9.3 (Termination for Cause) below, the term of this Agreement shall continue in effect until Achaogen ceases development and commercialization of Plazomicin ("Term").
Except as provided in Sections 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, and 6.5, this Agreement shall terminate one (1) year from the Rig Release Date, if such has not been terminated sooner pursuant to the provisions hereof.
The term of this Agreement shall be for 10 years commencing on the date of execution of this Agreement by AIRSOPURE.
The Term shall begin on the Effective Date and will end, without further notice, on the Expiration Date set forth in the Addendum, unless terminated earlier under the terms of this Agreement.<omitted>Expiration Date: at midnight on the last day of the month fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date
The term of this Agreement starts on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is earlier terminated in accordance with its provisions, will expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date.
You must operate the Franchise at a mutually agreeable site (the "Premises") to be identified after the signing of this Agreement, and to use the System and the Marks in the operation of that Franchise, for a term of 10 years (the "Initial Term")
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, this Agreement will expire on _______________________________________.
This Agreement shall be effective as of that date (the "Effective Date") the Site becomes fully operational as set forth in writing and executed by both Parties and shall continue for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date.
This Agreement will be effective beginning on 12:01 a.m., Eastern Time, on the day after the date of last signature to these Base Terms ("Effective Date") and ending on the expiration and/or termination of all Service Option Attachments, unless the Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and will terminate on the third anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreemen
This Agreement will take effect on the Effective Date and remain in effect for a period of 1 year; provided, that Sections 2 and 3 level shall terminate promptly upon (a) any action or omission by Client or any of its customers which constitutes a breach of or default by TrueLink under any System Agreement or Credit Repository Agreement, which breach or default has either not been cured or cannot be cured within the applicable cure period and the consequences of which is that TrueLink will lose material rights it had pursuant to said Agreements or (b) any violations or breach by Client of Sections 8a - 8c.
This agreement shall be for a term of five years from the date of this document.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.
"Term" means the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and continuing thereafter indefinitely until this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 10 below.
Subject to early termination of this Agreement pursuant to Sections 7.2, 7.3 or 7.4, this Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue until the expiration or earlier termination of the Development and License Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid for a period of five (5) years with automatic renewal of one year thereafter until terminated<omitted>by either party with one (1) year written notice prior to the expiration of the initial period or any extension period thereof.
Unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 12.2 below, the initial term of this Agreement shall expire on 31 December 2024 (the "Initial Term") unless the Parties mutually agree in writing any extension to the Initial Term.
This Agreement shall have a term of four (4) years from the effective date first set forth above, and shall automatically renew for additional one year terms unless earlier terminated by either party.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall extend for a period of Five (5) years thereafter ("Initial Term"), unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein or is extended by mutual written agreement of the Parties.
Unless terminated earlier as provided herein, this Agreement shall terminate on the date three (3) years from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement is three years from and including the date of this Agreement (the "Initial Term"), with automatic renewal for additional successive one-year terms (each a "Renewal Term" and together wit the Initial Term, the "Term") unless no later than [* * *] days prior to the end of the Initial Term, or any Renewal Term either party notifies the other that it wishes to terminate this Agreement effective the end of the Initial Term or that Renewal Term, as applicable.
Except as otherwise set forth in Sections 9.2 and 9.3 or Exhibit A hereof, the term of this Agreement shall be eighteen (18) months ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for a period of one year from the date of its execution and from year to year thereafter provided such continuance is specifically approved by a majority of the trustees of the Trust who (i) are not "interested persons" of the Trust or any other party to this Agreement, as defined in the 1940 Act, and (ii) have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of this Agreement ("Non- Interested Trustees").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3 of this Agreement, shall continue until the twentieth (20th) anniversary of the Effective Date; provided, however, (i) Operator shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Owner, if Operator provides a substitute operator acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, who (A) has experience operating similar assets, (B) has the ability to provide at least the same quality of service as Operator, (C) has the financial ability to perform the obligations hereunder, and (D) is ready, willing and able to execute an operation and maintenance agreement substantially similar to this Agreement and acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, and (ii) Owner shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Operator.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 8, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
To the extent not terminated previously by AIG pursuant to the foregoing, this Agreement will terminate automatically one year after the closing of any sale of the Company by AIG, and all provisions hereof will be of no further force and effect.
It shall be effective on 06 October 2000 and shall have a duration of two years.
Subject to termination pursuant to this Agreement, the Non Exclusive license granted by Licensor to Licensee shall be for an initial period of 36 months, commencing from the acceptance date, (the "Initial Period").
This Agreement and the license granted under this Agreement shall remain in effect perpetually as long as fees are paid by Sparkling in accordance with the Fee Schedule and the Agreement is not otherwise terminated in accordance with this Section.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for an initial period of five years until terminated in the manner described in Clause 16 below.
In addition, DCL may terminate this Agreement with effect from the 3rd, 4th or 5th anniversary of the Commencement Date by giving not less than six months notice in writing to SEV
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Services Commencement Date and remain effective for ten (10) years (the "Initial Term") unless terminated in accordance with its terms.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in operation for at least a period of twenty-five (25) years (hereinafter called "Initial Period") after the RFCS Date and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
This Agreement shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of: (i) the date on which the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement equal $5,000,000; (ii) the Release Date (as defined in Section 19) or (iii) payment in full, in cash, of all Obligations and the termination of the Financing Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement is less than $5,000,000 and any payment, or any part thereof, on account of any of the Obligations is invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Agent or the Lenders upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or reorganization of any Borrower or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for any Borrower, or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Article 9.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date and year first above written and shall continue in operation for at least an initial period of twenty-five (25) years following the RFS Date (hereinafter referred to as "initial Period") and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
Subject to the provisions of this AGREEMENT, and with effect from the date when the party signing last in time appends its signature to this agreement ("the effective date"), and enduring in perpetuity unless terminated as provided for elsewhere in this AGREEMENT, SAP AFRICA grants, and TELKOM accepts a non-exclusive, non-transferable licence to USE the SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION and other SAP AFRICA PROPRIETARY INFORMATION at the specified DESIGNATED SITE within the TERRITORY.
The licence granted hereunder shall become effective upon execution of this AGREEMENT by both parties and shall endure indefinitely unless terminated under clause 6. 2.
Upon expiration of that 12 months, MMMW affords the Customer the opportunity of a continuation of support on an annual basis as follows: The Initial Term of this Technical Infrastructure Maintenance Agreement is twelve months, commencing on the Effective Date.
This Agreement commences on the date first above written, and will remain in effect for the period of five (5) years, except as otherwise provided herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 7, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, shall continue for the duration of the Lease, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3.
The initial period of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue until March 31, 2003.
This OMA shall expire upon the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the Effective Date and (ii) the date that all Shares of Stock of the Seller Trusts as set forth on Schedule A hereto have been sold (the "Term").
The Term will be 3 years from Effective Date with an automatic 2 year term extensions unless otherwise advised by one of the Parties.
This Agreement between HEMISPHERX and SCIEN shall be in effect beginning the last date of execution set forth on the signature page to the Agreement (the "Effective Date") to which this Quality Agreement is Exhibit 2 and remain in effect until HEMISPHERX and SCIEN terminate the Agreement or it is superseded by a revised Quality Agreement executed by both parties.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue unless and until terminated as provided herein.
Subject to Article 22.2, this Agreement shall remain in force for an Initial Period of 1 year, which may be renewed by mutual consent for such period as the Parties may agree ("Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement or for any of the following reasons:
This Agreement begins on the Effective Date and shall continue indefinitely unless sooner terminated as provided in this Article 5.
This Agreement shall terminate as to the Remarketing Agent and its obligations hereunder with respect to VRRM-MFP Shares upon the earliest to occur of (a) the effective date of the resignation or removal of such Remarketing Agent pursuant to Section 5(a) and Section 5(b), respectively, (b) the completion of a successful Transition Remarketing on a New Mode Commencement Date in connection with transition to a new Mode, or (c) the date on which no VRRM-MFP Shares are Outstanding.
In addition, the<omitted>obligations of the Remarketing Agents may be terminated by them by notice given to the Company prior to 12:00 noon, New York City time on the Remarketing Settlement Date if, prior to that time, any of the applicable conditions precedent to the obligations of the Remarketing Agents described in Section 5 hereof shall have failed to occur.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to earlier termination in accordance with the provisions of Section 16, shall continue in force for a period being the longer of fifteen (15) years from first Commercial Launch of the Product in the Territory or until the expiration of the last valid claim in the PPI Patents covering the Product in any country of the Territory (the "Initial Term").
In addition, the obligations of the Remarketing Agent hereunder may be terminated by it by notice given to the Company prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date immediately preceding the Commencement Date if, prior to that time, any of the events described in Sections 6(i), (j) or (k) shall have occurred.
This Agreement shall terminate (i) the Business Day immediately following the Remarketing Settlement Date, (ii) at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the last date of the Remarketing if the Remarketing is not successful or (iii) on the effective date of the resignation or removal of the Remarketing Agent and the appointment of a new Remarketing Agent.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Agreement or extended by mutual agreement between the parties, shall continue in effect for thirty six (36) months following the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall be effective on the later of the dates that it is executed by Imprimis and Surgical (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate pursuant to the terms of the SOW (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided in this Agreement, the initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period beginning on the Effective Date and ending ten (10) years thereafter unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall be five years commencing on the Effective Date and ending at the close of business on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement shall commence with the first race ----- of the 1998 Winston Cup season and shall continue until the final race of the year-2000 Winston Cup season.
The term of this Agreement will begin on December 15, 1997 and will end the later of (i) December 15, 1999 or (ii) Excite's delivery of all of the guaranteed Click-throughs described in Section 1(f).
This Agreement shall terminate and, subject to the provisions set forth below, be of no further force or effect on the exercise by the Sponsor of its right to terminate this Agreement as provided in subsection 6.2, provided that, in any event, sections 3, 7 and 8 and, in the event that such termination occurs by virtue of paragraph 6.2(b), subsection 2.5 shall not terminate (except as set forth therein) and shall continue in full force and effect for the benefit of the Sponsor or the other parties to this Agreement, as the case may be.
The term (the "Term") shall commence on November 1, 2007 and end on October 31, 2008 (unless terminated earlier in accordance with the General Provisions).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force and effect until one (1) year subsequent to the Effective Date, provided however, that Tickets may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon thirty (30) days' notice to MP3. com at any time prior to the expiration of sixty (60) days subsequent to the Effective Date.
This term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and terminates on August 2nd, 2015 upon completion of event.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for six (6) months.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue in effect for a period of five (5) years (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions set out herein.
This Agreement shall continue in force for a term of twelve (12) months from the Effective Date, unless terminated earlier under the provisions of this Article 8 (the "Term"); PROVIDED that TouchStar shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time after the Effective Date upon not less than fifteen (15) days' prior written notice to Reseller.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for an Initial Term of five (5) years, and will automatically renew for additional periods of five (5) years unless one Party notifies the other of its intention not to renew, no less than 12 months prior to the expiration of the then-current term, unless terminated as permitted under this Agreement.
This Agreement comes into force as of the Effective Date and shall remain valid during the term of the LSA.
This Supply Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue for a period of [***] unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Supply Agreement.
Unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.2 below, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a FIVE (5) year period.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of its execution and shall remain in force for three years (the "Initial Term").
The term of this Supply Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date first set forth above and shall remain in effect until the later of (a) July 31, 2021 or (b) the date that the Parties enter into the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement and Sutro is supplying to SutroVax each Product under the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement (the "Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with Section 10.2.
The term of this Agreement will commence upon the Effective Date and will continue until the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated or extended under this Article 8 (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of the Services, unless terminated as set out herein, shall continue up to and including 28 February 2000 ("the Initial Term").
This Development Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and continue for four (4) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 10.2, or unless the parties extend the term by mutual written Development Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement will be in effect for one year from the Effective Date and will automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods unless terminated as provided below.
This Agreement shall be effective through and including March 31, 2004.
This Agreement shall be effective until the earlier of (a) its termination in accordance with the provisions of this Article 14 or (b) the date that is two (2) years after the date of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement will renew automatically for successive terms of one (1) year each unless a party to this Agreement delivers written notice of termination to the other party to this Agreement at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the original or any renewal term or the parties to this Agreement do not agree in writing to the Quota Amount referred to in subsection 14.2(b)(1) for any one (1) year renewal term at least sixty (60) days prior to the commencement of such term.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on January 1, 2000 and continue for an initial period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 7 hereof, and may be renewed under Section 8 hereof (the initial period plus any renewal period, the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This agreement shall begin upon the date of its execution by MA and acceptance in writing by Company and shall remain in effect until the end of the current calendar year and shall be automatically renewed for successive one (1) year periods unless otherwise terminated according to the cancellation or termination provisions contained in paragraph 18 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall terminate on June 30, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement commences as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to any express provision of this Agreement, shall continue until five (5) years following the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b) [Term and Termination].
The term of this Agreement shall be effective as of the date first stated above and shall continue for a term of three (3) years, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement (the "Term"); provided, however, that PrimeCall may elect to terminate this Agreement, upon thirty (30) days' written notice, at any time from and after the time that collectively RSL Communications, Ltd. and/or its Affiliates holds less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of DeltaThree's outstanding shares.
This Agreement will become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated pursuant to Sections 3.1<omitted>, shall remain effective for two (2) years from and after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This agreement shall commence as of date first above written, and shall Continue through December 31, 2004 ("the Term").
The Term shall commence on July 23, 2013 and shall expire on July 22, 2016, unless otherwise terminated earlier pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall have an Initial Term of three (3) years.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for a period of five years following the initial date of execution of the Memorandum, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 6.2 or Section 2.8 ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall begin as of the Effective Date and continue until Acceptance of all Deliverables for Milestones #1 and #2 pursuant to Section 3.4 and completion of Milestone #3, unless earlier terminated under Section 8.2, as provided for under the Other Agreements, or as mutually agreed by the Parties.
The term of this Agreement shall automatically become effective upon the occurrence of (i) ETON executing a commercial supply agreement with a contract manufacturing organization within forty-five (45) days of the Execution Date, provided that ETON has exercised best efforts to execute such agreement and the failure to execute is solely caused by the refusal or inability of the proposed manufacturing organization to sign a reasonable agreement; and (ii) acceptance for review of the Dossier or marketing application for [ * * * ] by the FDA no later than September 2, 2019 (such date, the "Effective Date") and shall end upon the termination or expiration of the Agreement as set forth in Section 11 (the "Term").
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Article, this Agreement will continue in full force beginning on the Effective Date and ending two (2) years thereafter ("Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the longer of the first anniversary of the Effective Date or the duration of the Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement (the "Term").
This agreement begins on the Commencement Date and, subject to clause 11.2, shall continue for an initial term of one (1) years (Initial Term) and indefinitely after that until terminated by either party giving at least twelve (12) months' prior written notice to expire on or after the expiry date of the initial term.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date first written above and shall continue in effect for a period of Three (3) years.
This Agreement shall become effective upon the date first written above and shall remain in full force and effect for a period of two years (2), unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions in this Agreement.
Unless terminated earlier as provided in this agreement, this Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms hereo
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and automatically renewing annually thereafter, unless either party provides a thirty-day notice of written termination one to the other ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of four (4) years, commencing on the Effective Date, which term may be extended for up to three (3) years by written agreement of both Parties prior to the expiration date of the initial term or any extension thereof (collectively, the "Term").
The term of the Franchise shall be twenty (20) years, commencing on January 1, 2016.
The term of this Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue until terminated as hereinafter provided (the "Term").
Terms of the project: 12 weeks from February 8, 2018 to May 3, 2018
This Agreement shall come into force on the Date of the Agreement, and shall, subject to article 18, remain in full force and effect for an initial period of *** from the Commercial Launch Date.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for one (I) year, unless earlier terminated as expressly provided in Sections 1.3. 10.1. or 10.2 of this Agreement (the *Initial Term")
This Agreement will remain in effect for Thirty-six (36)<omitted>months following the Hosting Service Ready Date ("Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Article XVI, this IP Agreement and the licenses granted herein will continue in effect from the Effective Date until the expiration of the last to expire of the Patents and any additional period of time thereafter that any of the Patents remain enforceable such as in the United States where a party can sue for infringement after a patent expires and seek damages for any infringement of the patent during the six years immediately preceding the filing of a suit for infringement.
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate on December 31, 2034 (such period, including as may be extended in accordance with the subsequent sentence, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article 11, shall expire on the last day of the Royalty Term.
This term of this Agreement shall commence on the EFFECTIVE DATE and shall continue, in each country, until the date of expiration of the last to expire patent within PATENT RIGHT(S) in that country.
The "Term" of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration or earlier termination of the last Addendum to expire or be terminated, at which time this Agreement will expire, unless this Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") (a) shall commence on the first day of the Warranty Period for the first Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation and (b) shall, unless terminated earlier under Section 4.1 of this Agreement or unless extended by mutual agreement of the Parties, terminate on the date that is the last day of the Warranty Period for the last Bloom System to achieve Commencement of Operation.
Subject to all other terms and conditions set forth herein, as of the date of this agreement, LEADER maintain the software for an additional five years.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of year as of the Effective Date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated, shall continue in full force and effect for a period of [***] years thereafter.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect for an initial term of **** from the Supply Commencement Date of the Product ("Initial Term").
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Facility Addendum, this Agreement (a) shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of four (4) years from such date (the "Initial Term" of this Agreement), unless sooner terminated pursuant to Section 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 or 7.7, and (b) may be extended for up to three (3) additional periods of twelve (12) months (each, an "Extension Period") by written notice given by Customer to Manufacturer not less than twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Extension Period, as the case may be.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the 60th day following a written notice from one party to the other of its decision to terminate this Agreement at the end of such 60-day period or upon termination of the applicable Distribution Agreement with respect to a Fund.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on the date hereof (the "Commencement Date"), and will continue until the earlier of (i) December 31, 2022, (ii) the termination or expiration of the Studio Lease (defined below), (iii) election to terminate and notice thereof given by Programmer to Licensee, and (iv) mutual written consent of Licensee and Programmer (the "Term"), unless extended or earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11 hereof.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a period of five (5) years from the Reseller's first purchase order for Product issued to Todos (the "Initial Term"), unless terminated earlier by one of the parties in accordance with the terms of this Section 11.
The term of this JSMA shall commence on May 1, 2020 (the "Commencement Date") and ends at April 30, 2029 (the "Term"), with automatic renewals each for a period of five (5) years (a "Renewal Term") unless notice is given pursuant to 5.2.
Unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of Section ​12, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until July 31, 2019 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid until the [* * *] (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue to be in full force and effect for so long as Photronics and DNP, or any of their Affiliates, each remains a Shareholder of the Company.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in effect through December 31, 2021 and any Renewal Term (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier as set forth herein.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 12, shall extend until the four (4) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on September 10, 2015 and shall continue for One (1) Year (the "Term").
This Agreement becomes effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 11, shall continue until the five (5) year anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect for an initial period of 1 year ("Initial Term").
This term of this Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereto shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in perpetuity (the "Term"), unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions contained herein.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of twelve (12) full calendar months ("Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term"), unless mutually extended by written agreement of the Parties or unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall commence effective as of the date hereof and shall expire on December 31, 2028.
This Agreement shall continue until January 18, 2022, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods ending on January 18th of each year, provided such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (a) the Fund's Board of Trustees and (b) a vote of a majority (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund's Trustees who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of the Plan, in this Agreement, or any agreement related to the Plan (the "Qualified Trustees"), by vote cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting on such approval.
With respect to each of the Services, the term thereof will be for a period commencing as of the date hereof, unless a different date is specified as the commencement date for any applicable Service on Exhibit A or Exhibit B (either, a "Commencement Date"), and shall continue until 12 months following the Commencement Date unless (i) such other date as is specified as the termination date for any applicable Service in this Agreement or on Exhibit A or Exhibit B, as applicable (the "Term") or (ii) earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement (a "Termination Date").
Cellco's appointment as custodian is effective as of the Initial Cutoff Date and will continue until the later of (i) the date on which all obligations of the Issuer have been paid in full and (ii) the date on which such appointment is terminated under this Section 3.10(f).
This Agreement will terminate on the earlier to occur of (a) the date upon which the last remaining Receivable is paid in full, settled, sold or written off and any amounts received are applied and (b) the Issuer is terminated under Section 8.1 of the Trust Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence as of April 1, 2018 (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon the later of: (a) the conclusion of the 2022/23 NFL season and (b) the last day in February, 2023 (such expiration date, the "Scheduled Expiration Date"), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be valid for five (5) years from February 1, 2019 through January 31, 2024 unless this Agreement is terminated earlier pursuant to Section 14 (the "Term").
The term of this agreement will begin on April 1, 2018 and continue until April 30, 2018 at 11:59pm.
This agreement is for a term of ten (10) years.
This Agreement shall commence on March 15, 2018 and will expire on March 14, 2020 unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 13 of the Agreement (the "Term")
The Contract is valid for 5 years, beginning from and ended on .
The "Term" of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will end on the earlier of: (a) the first anniversary of the expiration date of the last Purchase Schedule (as defined in this next Section); (b) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party any time after the expiration of the last Purchase Schedule; or (c) a termination date elected by a Party in a written notice delivered to the other Party as provided in Subsection 11(d) of this Agreement.
Termination Date: December 31, 2023
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the time periods set forth in Schedules 1 and 2 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and continues in perpetuity, unless termination occurs pursuant to Sections 4.2 through 4.4.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
The license granted to the Licensee under this Agreement shall continue perpetually
This Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
TERM: November 01, 2014 to October 31, 2017
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
Period of transportation services: this Agreement is valid for an indefinite term.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and unless earlier terminated as provided elsewhere in this Agreement, will end automatically upon the end of Year 3.
The term of this Agreement shall continue for one (1) year following the Launch Date, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
The Term shall commence on the date of this Agreement and, unless earlier terminated or extended as provided below, shall end as of December 31, 2000.
The term of this Agreement shall be for a period of two (2) years (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall end fifteen months therefrom.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall expire upon delivery of [**] to ebix, but in no way shall this Agreement extend any later than thirty (30) months from the Effective Date regardless of the number Filled Application Forms delivered to ebix. About will make commercially reasonable efforts to achieve that number in twelve (12) months or less from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end three (3) years from the date the Co-Branded Application becomes accessible to Excite@Home Members ("Launch Date").
The Term of this Agreement will commence on the date above, and shall continue for a term of one (1) year
Term shall mean the Effective Date through June 15, 2001 and any Renewal Term (as defined in paragraph 7.4 herein.)
INITIAL TERM shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the second anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 11.
Initial Term shall mean the Effective Date through the day prior to the fourth anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8
This Agreement shall be effective upon the ------------------- Effective Date and shall remain in force for a period of one (1) year, and shall be automatically renewed for successive periods of one (1) year unless otherwise terminated as provided herein.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue in force for three years from the Launch Date (the "Initial Term") unless earlier
"Launch Date" means the first date on which the Service is made publicly available.<omitted>This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date and will continue in effect for 2 years following the Launch Date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall ----------------------- commence on the Effective Date and end on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the date that the Affiliate Registration Form is approved by Chase and will end when terminated by either party.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of five (5) years from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term") after which this Agreement may be extended on mutual agreement of the parties (a "Renewal Term," and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
This Agreement will remain in force for perpetuity or until and unless otherwise mutually agreed or amended in writing by both parties.
The term of this Agreement will begin upon acceptance of Affiliate's Program application and will end when terminated by either party of this Agreement.
This Agreement is entered into for an unlimited period of time.
This Agreement shall be for the term of one year; thereafter, the Agreement shall renew automatically under these same terms and agreements unless superceded by future agreements.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until either Party informs the other Party with thirty (30) day prior written notice of termination of this Agreement.
The "Initial Term" shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire on March 31, 2011.
The term ("Term") of this Agreement shall be for one hundred eighty days (180) from the date set forth below unless Network 1 or Visa or MasterCard or Harris Bank doesn't approve Affiliate's ISO application, in which case, the Term will be 3 years.
Unless sooner terminated under the provisions hereof, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of one (1) year ("Term"). provided however, that the Parties may extend the Term for an additional year period by entering into an written addendum of the Agreement extending such term.
"CONTRACT PERIOD" means that period of time commencing upon the full execution of this Agreement by both Parties and terminating on May 31, 2016 unless sooner terminated under this Agreement.
All terms of this Agreement will automatically commence on November 1st, 2017, and expire on November 2nd, 2020.
"Term" means: 1.5t January 2013 to 315t December 2013 or until terminated under the provisions of this Agreement or the Primary Agreement.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time from February 21, 2011 through December 31, 2012.
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and ending on February 19, 2013 ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for two years from the date hereof, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (A) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund and (B) the vote of a majority of the Fund's directors who are not parties to this Agreement or "interested persons" (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Fund Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the Investment Fund Act.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this ARTICLE 13, shall remain in effect on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the expiration of the Royalty Term applicable to such Product and country (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and remain in full force and effect until the expiration of the Sublicense Agreement, unless earlier termination by pursuant to the terms of this Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4 of this Agreement, will continue until the expiration of the Warranty Period as defined in subsection 9(a) of this Agreement.
Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, the Parties' respective rights and obligations under this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force for ten (10) years after the First Commercial Sale of the first Licensed Product, and shall thereafter automatically renew for an unlimited period of time unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Section 15.2.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein, unless earlier terminated by either party, this Agreement shall expire on ______, 20___, and all rights of Developer herein shall cease and all unapplied or unused Development Fees paid pursuant to Section 3 hereof shall be forfeited to Franchisor.
Unless terminated pursuant to Section 10 or 11 below, it shall expire upon the earlier of the date specified in Exhibit "B" or upon the opening of the last El Pollo Loco® Restaurant listed in the Development Schedule.
Dr. Murray's obligations set out herein shall be performed from the Effective Date until December 31, 2018 (the initial "Services Term").
Except as otherwise stated herein as pertaining only to a Services Term, this Agreement shall remain in effect for ten years, unless terminated in accordance with Sections 6.1 (a) or 6.2(b).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance herewith, shall continue in force and effect until (a) the date of expiration of the last Royalty Term for the last Licensed Product, or (b) the expiration of the License Option Period and the failure of AbbVie to exercise the License Option (such period, the "Term").
The term of this Agreement ("Term") will begin on the date this Agreement is signed by the last signatory ("Effective Date") and remain in effect for [***]; provided, however, that the terms of this Agreement shall remain applicable to any SOW that was executed by the Parties prior to the expiration or termination of this Agreement but whose period of performance extends beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue thereafter for a period of twelve (12) months (the "Initial Term").
The Term shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall continue for an initial term of five (5) years.
The term "Term" shall mean an initial term of five years, automatically renewable thereafter for successive 5-year terms unless either party provides prior written notice of termination not less than 90 days prior to the end of such five-year term; provided, however, T&B shall have the right to terminate the license after the first year of the Term if LEA does not conduct the Business so as to meet the Cash Sales benchmarks set by the parties for years two through five of the Term, as set forth in Section 3.3, below.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless the Agreement is sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will come into effect on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force for ten (10) years from the Launch (the "Initial Term"), or the date of expiry of the last valid patent of the Licensed Product, whichever comes later, subject to clauses 19.2, 19.3, 19.4 and 19.5 hereunder
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will commence on the Effective Date and will expire upon the earliest of (i) termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 14.2, or (ii) the date of payment of the last Approval Payment due based on all applicable Regulatory Approvals which have been received.
The term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article XII, shall continue in full force and effect until the expiration of Sanofi's payment obligations under Article IX or the Profit/Loss Share Agreement, whichever is later (the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 14 hereof (the "Term").
This Agreement commences on the date it is executed and shall continue until full performance by both parties, or until earlier terminated by one party under the terms of this Agreement.
This Agreement will be for the maximum period of six (6) months beginning for the commencement date, renewable in accordance with the terms hereof, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.
This Agreement will be in effect for three (3) years from the Effective Date ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Unless otherwise stated in the Appendix the term of this letter Agreement shall continue for twenty-four (24) months with the effective date unless terminated sooner or extended pursuant to the terms hereof ("Initial Term")
Contract end: 04-01-08
The initial term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and end twelve (12) months after the Launch (the "Term").
The Term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b).
This Agreement and the provisions hereof, except as otherwise provided, shall be in full force and effect commencing on the date of execution by both Parties and shall extend for an initial term of two (2) years.
This Agreement will become effective as of the last date of signature (Effective Date) and shall, unless sooner terminated as provided below or as otherwise agreed, remain effective for an initial term of 10 Years following the first date of public availability of the PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Content within a THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION Property (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall become effective on the date on which it is signed and affixed with the corporate seals by the authorized representative of each Party and have a term of five (5) years commencing as of the effective date hereof.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, except as set forth in Subsection (ii), continue in full force and effect through the Delivery Period.
This agreement will be in effect until the end of 2006 and will be evaluated at that time.
This Agreement shall take effect from the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect for twenty (20) years thereafter, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Clause 8.
Expiration Date: August 31, 2006
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on the Expiration Date set forth above (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 3(b).
The Term of the Agreement is hereby extended to January 20, 2012 unless sooner terminated as provided for in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be in effect until March 18. 2021, unless sooner terminated by either party upon (30) days written notice, without cause.
This contract shall remain in effect initially for the five (5) year term ("Initial Term") from the date signed and shall be automatically extended for one (1) year periods after the Initial Term ("Renewal Term") unless (i) either party provides written notice of its intention not to renew the Agreement within 180 days prior to any Renewal Term; or (ii) this Agreement is otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms of this Section 12.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate in _____________, on _____________, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement may be renewed for successive one (1) year periods if STAAR and Distributor expressly agree in writing and in their sole discretion to renew this Agreement prior to the foregoing termination date or any successive renewal term.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until September 1, 2045, unless earlier terminated by either Party pursuant to this Article 12 (the "Term").
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, all rights and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect for a period of eighteen (18) months after the initial theatrical release of that Property.
The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the "Term"); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, including Robots, Kingdom of Heaven, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, In Her Shoes, Idiocracy (Oww My Balls) and Ice Age II, all right and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect until March 31, 2008."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Term") is the Effective Date through March 15, 2022.
This Agreement expires ten (10) years from the Agreement Date (the "Term"), unless it is terminated sooner as provided in other sections of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as provided under this Agreement, shall terminate five (5) years following the date of launch of the first Website, but in no event later than February 28, 2013 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue thereafter for a period of two (2) years, unless extended by written agreement of both parties or sooner terminated as set forth below.
This Agreement and the license granted herein shall remain effective until terminated.
Unless otherwise provided herein, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue through the completion or termination of Developer's services and work product as mutually agreed upon between the Parties (the Project).
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Commencement Date and will continue through December 31, 2022 or until this Agreement is otherwise terminated in accordance with its provisions ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate automatically without notice on December 31, 2022, unless the Parties agree in writing to extend the term of the Agreement (the initial term and any renewal terms are referred to collectively herein as the "Term").
This Second Amendment shall be effective from The Second Amendment Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2021.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof, this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue for a period of three (3) years therefrom (the "Term").
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue until termination as provided below.
This Agreement is for a term (the "Term") of 12 months from the Effective Date on June 1s t 2020 and expiring May 31st 2021.
This Agreement shall be in full force and effect commencing on January 2, 2020 and shall remain in effect for one (1) year or until Consultant completes the services requested
The term of this Agreement shall commence on January 10th, 2019 and shall expire on the day that is twenty-four (24) months from that date (the "Term of Engagement") unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
Term: twelve (12) months from the date of the Agreement which term shall automatically renew for an additional twelve (12) months on such date if the Agreement is not otherwise terminated according to Section 8 of the Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be the sooner of six (6) months from the Effective Date, or replacement of this Agreement with a subsequent agreement between the Parties.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the four-year anniversary of the Effective Date (such period, as it may be extended, either by the mutual written agreement of the parties or automatically, or earlier terminated being referred to as the "Consultation Period"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4, and shall automatically renew for successive one-year periods, unless the Company provides 90 days' notice of termination before any such successive period.
The term of this Agreement is for a period of five (5) years (the "Term") commencing on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the termination provisions of this Agreement, ending on January 31, 2025.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall expire twenty (20) years from the effective date of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until December 31, 2020, unless extended or earlier terminated.
The term of this Agreement for the Hosted Site shall commence upon April 1, 1999 and shall continue for a period of six (6) months, unless earlier terminated in accordance with provisions hereof.
This Agreement shall continue in effect from the Effective Date for a one (1) year period, unless earlier terminated as set forth below, and thereafter shall renew automatically for successive one (1) year periods unless either party gives the other party at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of its intent not to renew the Agreement.
The effective term is 12 months beginning March 1, 2005 and ending February 28, 2006.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a period of 12 months thereafter (the "Period") in full force and effect until it is terminated in accordance with this Section 3.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated under this Article, shall continue in effect until the Conversion Date (the "Term"); provided that, with respect to any LMG Tools identified in Exhibit A as having a license term beyond the Conversion Date, TAG's License to, and LMG's obligation to provide LMG Services for, such LMG Tools shall survive for the period specified in Exhibit A.
The term of this Agreement is for ten (10) years commencing on the date of this Agreement, unless terminated as provided by this Agreement.
The obligations of the Agent pursuant to this Agreement shall terminate upon termination of the Offering, but in no event later than 45 days after the completion of the Subscription Offering (the "End Date").
The initial term of this Agreement is one (1) year from the date of delivery of the Product to Licensee unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
1 April 2009
The maintenance is for a period of one (1) year commencing upon expiration of the initial one (1) year term of the License/Services Schedule.
XIMAGE's obligations hereunder shall become effective upon the "Effective Date" and, unless sooner terminated as provided herein, shall remain in full force and effect for at least one year thereafter.
This Agreement be deemed effective as of the Effective Date, Agreement and shall terminate on December 31, 2020, unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 3.2.
This Agreement shall continue in force until the earlier to occur of (i) the Owner no longer owns any Receivables or Participation Interests, and (ii) subject to Section 7(d), the delivery of written notice of termination by the Owner to the Servicer pursuant to Section 7(c), in each case upon which event this Agreement shall automatically terminate unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Servicer and the Owner.
Agent's appointment hereunder shall commence on the next business day after the later of (i) the date hereof, or (ii) the date Agent has confirmed that Client's records have been converted to Agent's system (the "Effective Date"), and shall continue for three years thereafter (the "Initial Term").
In relation to each Fund, this Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (a) the expiration of the term of such Fund or (b) the date, if any, on which Oaktree US (or any affiliate it has substituted in its stead in accordance with such Fund's Fund Agreement) is removed as general partner of such Fund or (c) the Sub-Advisor ceasing to be authorised and regulated by the FCA.
This Agreement shall take effect on the date of signature of the Agreement by both parties and shall terminate when all obligations required of both parties hereunder are performed unless either terminated earlier or extended by the parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement subject to clause 4.0.
At any time that there is no uncompleted Statement of Work outstanding, either party may terminate this Agreement for any or no reason upon fifteen (15) days advance notice to the other.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date hereof and shall continue until terminated by either party pursuant to Paragraph 6 hereof.
The term of this Services Agreement shall begin on the date of execution and shall continue in effect for a period of two years.
Subject to the provisions for termination hereinafter provided, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof (the "Effective Date") and shall continue for a minimum period of 12 months (the "Minimum Period") and thereafter upon the mutual agreement of the Company and Maimon (the "Service Term").
This Agreement shall terminate (a) at the option of any party, upon 90 days' advance written notice to the other parties hereto; or (b) in the event of a material breach that has not been cured within ten days following a written notice of breach to the breaching party.
This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by the Parties.
The Appointment may be terminated by either party giving the other at least 12 months' notice in writing.
Your employment shall commence on 26 September 2019 and shall continue unless and until either party gives notice to the other in accordance with paragraph 11 below.
This Agreement shall terminate immediately and automatically upon the termination of Company's Participation Agreement(s) with the Funds, and in such event no notice need be given hereunder.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
"Service Period" means April. 1st 2019 through to March 30, 2020<omitted>The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in effect for the Service Period, unless terminated earlier as provided in this Section.
Subject to earlier termination as provided below, this Service Agreement is for the total duration of the Company's Offering (the "Initial Term") unless either party requests termination at least 30 days prior to the end of the then-current term.
The Executive's employment with the Company will commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue, subject to the remaining terms of this Agreement, until terminated by either party giving the other the following minimum advance written notice: 2.1.1 6 weeks' notice; 2.1.2 such other longer period as required by law.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the day and year first above written and shall govern the relations between the parties hereto thereafter, unless terminated as set forth in this Section 6.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year, commencing January 1, 2008 and ending on December 31, 2008.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate at the end of the Exclusivity Period (i.e., a three (3) year period commencing on the Effective Date).
Subject to the provisions of Section 14 hereof, the term of this Agreement and the sponsorship described herein shall commence on January 1, 2010 and extend through December 31, 2010.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be four (4) Processing Years commencing on the Effective Date of this Agreement and ending on June 30, 2010 unless
This Agreement shall automatically terminate at and as of (the first to occur of): (a) 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on the 30th day after the Effective Date (if Purchaser has not commenced the Offer, with the unanimous consent of the Sponsors, by then); (b) the expiration of the Offer (if the Offer is not consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), subject to any extension or subsequent offering period; and (c) the expiration of the Interim Period (if the Offer is consummated pursuant to the terms of the Offer), in any case, unless sooner terminated by unanimous written consent of the Participating Sponsors; provided, however, that any liability for failure to comply with this Agreement shall survive any such termination.
Unless otherwise terminated as specified in this Section 12, the ---- term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and will not end until the later of (a) twelve (12) months from the Launch Date; or (2) the date Intuit displays a total of 176,717,916 Impressions in accordance with the terms set forth herein ("Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the "Effective Date" and shall continue for ten (10) Contract Years, unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 6 of this Agreement or extended by renewal by written agreement of the Parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 13(o) of this Agreement (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided for herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence as of the date hereof and shall terminate at the end of the Season which is scheduled to end on October 12, 2002 (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and conclude on October 31, 2010, unless renewed by agreement or sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement.
If the Launch Date has not occurred by August 31, 1999, Sponsor shall, in its sole discretion, be entitled to terminate this Agreement without any liability and receive a full refund of all amounts paid by Sponsor to drkoop.com pursuant to this Agreement prior to the date of such termination.
The initial term (the "Initial Term"; and together with all extensions and renewals, the "Term") will begin on the date set forth above * * * (the "Launch Date") on which: (i) each of the Sponsor Areas of the drkoop.com Website are operational in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (other than the e-commerce tile placements); and (ii) the links to the<omitted>Sponsor Website or Vitamin Buzz contained in the Sponsor logos or the Sponsor banner advertisements are established in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, subject to earlier termination as set forth in this Agreement.
In the event that Excite has not delivered XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX clickthroughs to the Client Site by the end of twelve (12) months after the Launch Date, the first year of the term of the Agreement will be extended without additional sponsorship and advertising fees for up to an additional four (4) months.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not end until Excite displays of a total of XXXXXXXXXXXXX impressions of Client's advertising banners and promotional placements on the Excite Site and Excite has made reasonable commercial efforts to deliver, at minimum, a goal of XXXXXXXX clickthroughs to the Client Site.
Regardless of Excite's actual delivery of impressions and clickthroughs, the term of this Agreement will not be shorter than two (2) years after the display of the first of Client's advertising banners and promotional placements, subject to the termination rights set forth below.
The initial production period shall be for a period of two (2) months to commence on November 4, 1998 (the "Production Period"), and the remaining term of this Agreement shall be for a period of twenty four (24) months to commence on the tentative launch date of January 4, 1999, unless terminated earlier as provided herein (the "Promotion Period"), (The Production Period and the Promotion Period shall be collectively referred to as the "Initial Term").
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and, unless terminated as provided herein, shall continue through November 30, 1998.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on July 19, 1999 and shall ---- thereafter continue until all above described Sponsor benefits are completed, but in no event beyond the end of the 1999 season (the "Term").
If Hydron does not timely exercise its right to terminate this Agreement, then Hydron agrees that this Agreement shall continue for the entire four (4) year term unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will end on the second (2nd) anniversary of the Commencement Date.
Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall take effect on December 1st, 2015 and shall expire on November 30, 2016.
Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the specific terms of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement will begin on the Launch Date and will not end until Excite displays a total of [*****] impressions of the Client advertising banners and promotional placements on the Excite Network as described in this Agreement and pushes [*****] emails using the email vehicles specified in Exhibit B
The services described herein to be provided by Agency shall begin upon execution and delivery of the Outsourcing Agreement and shall continue until termination of Contractor's activities to administer the Notes thereunder.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the date first set forth above, and shall continue in full force and effect until terminated as provided below.
The initial term ("Initial Term") of this Agreement shall be for one year commencing on the 1st day of May, 2006 ("Effective Date").
This agreement shall commence on January 20, 2014 (the "Effective Date") and shall continue in effect for six (6) months (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of the contracted agreement is 5 years from the commencement date.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and extend for three (3) years thereafter ("INITIAL TERM"), with an automatic renewal for an indefinite period of time ("EXTENDED TERM"), unless terminated by the parties according to Sections 16.2. or 16.3. herein.
The term of this Agreement will commence on January 1, 1998 (the "Effective Date") and will end on December 31, 1998.
"Term" shall mean the period commencing on the Effective Date and terminating on the eighth anniversary of the Commencement Date, unless the Agreement is extended in accordance with its provisions.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and end on November 30, 2014 (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement shall be valid for an indefinite period.
This Attachment and its Product Attachments shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in Section 5.0 of the Base Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of three (3) years unless terminated as provided in Section 5.0.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms hereof, the term of this Agreement shall end on the seventh anniversary of the date hereof.
This Agreement shall have an initial term of three (3) years.
The initial term of this Agreement will be for two (2) year(s) commencing on the Effective Date.
This Agreement is effective as of August 1, 2004, (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate on July 31, 2009, (the "Termination Date") unless earlier terminated or extended as provided for herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date unless sooner terminated pursuant to the termination provisions herein.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of 1 year after the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated as set forth herein (the "TERM").
This Amendment shall enter into force on the date of its signature by both Parties and, unless otherwise agreed upon in writing by the Parties through a subsequent amendment to the GMA, shall remain in force for the term of the referenced GMA.
The Agreement shall end on the End Date without any further action, unless otherwise provided under this Agreement.
"End Date" means the date on which this Agreement is terminated or expires, and shall be the earlier to occur of the following, as appropriate: (i) the end of the Initial Term as defined in Clause 3.1of this Agreement; or, (ii) the end of the term of each annual renewal of this Agreement as per Clause 3.2 of this Agreement; or, (iii) the date on which all or part of this Agreement is terminated as per Clause 16 ("Termination");
The Agreement enters into force on the Signing Date; it will have a duration of [*****] as from the Start Date (the "Initial Term").
The first paid (Initial) Maintenance Term shall commence upon expiration of the Warranty Period and shall continue for twelve (12) months thereafter.
This Agreement shall apply and remain in effect from the Effective Date and perpetually thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the Section entitled "Termination."
The initial term of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the date that payment is due for Minimum Payment Period 7, pursuant to Section 2.4 hereof and as set forth in Attachment B hereof, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
This Agreement shall come into force on the Effective Date and shall remain in force and effect for a period of [Redacted - Commercially Sensitive - Term Details] , unless this Agreement is extended or previously terminated in accordance with this clause 12, pursuant to clause 15.1 (Force Majeure), or (ii) by the mutual written consent of the Parties (the "Term").
The Agreement shall have an initial term of ten (10) years commencing from the Effective Date and ending on the tenth (10th) anniversary thereof (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of Section 15.2 or Section 15.3.
The "Term" shall begin on the date hereof and shall expire December 31, 2023, subject to early termination pursuant to the terms of Section 19. Flotek, may, by written notice given to FCC on or before September 30, 2023, elect for the Term to be extended to December 31, 2024.
TERM OF EXECUTION From January 30, 2012 until July 29, 2012
Subject to the General Terms and Conditions of Transporter's FERC Gas Tariff and Rate Schedule FTS/ITS, this Agreement shall be effective as of the date of physical completion of and initial deliveries on Transporter's pipeline and shall continue for a primary term of ten years.
This Agreement shall be effective from the date first above written and shall continue indefinitely until terminated by either Party in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
The Agreement shall continue through the project's in-service date and for a period of fifteen (15) years after the project's in-service date ("Initial Term").
"Initial Term" means the period commencing on the Effective Date and concluding on the last day of the month in which the fifth anniversary of the Offtake Agreement Effective Date falls.
"Offtake Agreement" means that certain Crude Oil Sale and Purchase Agreement between the Principal and STASCO dated 1 November 1999.
This contract shall be effective as of November 1, 2002, and shall remain in force and effect, unless modified as per Exhibit B, until October 31, 2012.
"Royalty Term" means, with respect to sales of a Product in the Territory, the time period beginning on the First Commercial Sale of such Product in the Territory and expiring on the latest of the following dates: (a) *** (b) *** (c) ***<omitted>Unless earlier terminated, this Agreement shall continue in effect until the expiration of the Royalty Term as defined in Section 1.87 ("Term"), and thereafter Green Cross has no remaining payment obligations with respect to the Products pursuant to Section 8.5 above and MacroGenics shall have no further obligations hereunder.
The term of the agreement is 20 years, during which if any main equipment of any Party stops operation due to technical problem or at the end of its life cycle, the agreement shall be automatically terminated.
This Agreement shall come into force as of January 1, 2013 and remain valid for 1 year.
As of the effective date hereof, the original cooperation of mobile game business executed between the Parties shall terminate automatically.
Party A and Party B agree and confirm that the term of cooperation under this Agreement shall commence from the execution date hereof and end on the expiration date of the operation term of Party B ("Term of Cooperation").
Unless this Agreement is early terminated in accordance with this Agreement or other agreements signed by the Parties hereof, the term of the validity of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date.
"Intended End of Term" means the later of (a) the seventh (7th) anniversary of the Effective Date and (b) the date determined to be the "Intended End of Term" under Section 7.2.2(d) (Effects of Tolling).<omitted>This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms, including by Ginkgo pursuant to Section 7.3 (Buy-Down Election) or extended by the mutual written agreement of the Parties, shall continue until the Intended End of Term (such time period, as may be extended pursuant to this Section 13.3.1 (Term - General), the "Term"); provided that, if,<omitted>at the expiration of the Intended End of Term, Ginkgo has paid the Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitment, but will not have paid to BLI the Full Purchase Target, then the Term of this Agreement shall automatically extend for an additional [***] ([***]) year period from the date of the expiration of the then-Intended End of Term so that, among other things, BLI may potentially receive the benefit of the Full Purchase Target and Ginkgo may receive the continuing benefit of royalty-free licenses.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial term of three (3) years from the Promotion Commencement Date, divided into three one-year periods.
Except as otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall commence effective June 1, 1998, and shall continue for a term of three (3) years expiring May 31, 2001 (the "Term").
"Term" means the earlier of: (a) the end of the two year period from the Effective Date to 31 July 2013; or (b) the last day of the calendar month within which the Maximum Distribution Commitment is reached.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated as set out in this Agreement, shall continue for the Term.
This promotion shall begin on June 1,1999 and shall terminate June 1, 2000 (herein "Term")
The Joint Venture shall commence on the 1st of March, 2003, and shall be effective until February 28, 2004 unless extended by written agreement of the Joint Venturers not less than thirty (30) days prior to scheduled termination.
Except as otherwise provided herein, the term of this Agreement is three (3) years from the Execution Date ("Cooperation Period").
The term of this Agreement is twelve (12) months from the date hereof, and will be automatically renewed for one (1) additional twelve month period unless either party shall notify the other in writing of its intention not to renew.
This Agreement is effective as of the date hereof and shall remain in full force and effect for the period (the "Covered Period") commencing on the date hereof and ending on the date that is the earliest of: (i) the Company's failure to appoint the ValueAct Designee to the Board following the ValueAct Group's written request to the Company to have the ValueAct Designee appointed to the Board pursuant to Section 1(a) of this Agreement; (ii) the failure of the Company to comply in good faith with Section 1(e) of this Agreement; or (iii) the date which is the 60t h day prior to the Company's 2016 annual meeting of stockholders.
This Agreement shall take effect as of the Effective Date and shall expire upon completion of the Project as set forth in the Project Plan and after payment of all payments due and payable according to this Agreement, unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.
"Expiration Date" means March 31, 2020.
The Joint Venture is a fixed term Joint Venture beginning November 27, 2018 and ending November 30th, 2019 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will begin on February 1, 1998 and end on the first anniversary of the date of this Agreement; provided that (a) either party may terminate this Agreement, effective at any time after the first three months of the Term, by giving 30 days' written notice of termination to the other party, and (b) either party may terminate this Agreement at any time by giving written notice of termination to the other party, if the other party commits a material breach of its obligations hereunder that is not cured within 30 days after notice thereof from the non-breaching party.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue, unless terminated sooner in accordance with this Article VIII, until June 27, 2011 (the "Term").
This Agreement shall continue until terminated as provided herein.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated under the terms of this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the Services to be provided with respect to any Account which is registered as an investment company under the 1940 Act (herein referred to as a "registered investment company") are services referred to in the definition of "investment advisor" under Section 202(a)(11) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (herein referred to as "investment advisory services"), then with respect to such Account, this Agreement: (i) shall not commence until the effective date of its approval by the board of directors or trustees ("Board") of such Account; (ii) shall continue from year to year thereafter, subject to the provisions for termination and all other terms and conditions hereof, only if such continuation shall be specifically approved at least annually by a majority of the Board, including a majority of the members of the Board who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons of any such party (other than as members of the Board) cast in person at a meeting called for that purpose; (iii) may be terminated at any time without the payment of any penalty by the Board or by a vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities (as defined in Section 2(a)(42) of the 1940 Act) of the Account on 60 days' written notice to the Adviser; (iv) shall automatically terminate in the event of (A) its assignment (as defined in the 1940 Act) or (B) termination of the Advisory Agreement for any reason whatsoever.
Subject to the remaining provisions of this Section, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the effective date first above written and shall continue until terminated by mutual agreement of the parties hereto or by either party on not less than 60 days' written notice to the other party hereto.
This Limited Power of Attorney shall be revoked and terminated automatically upon the cancellation or termination of the Services Agreement or as to any Fund upon the cancellation or termination of the Adviser's Investment Advisory Contract for such Fund.
Unless otherwise mutually agreed to by the Parties, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end upon expiration of the Term, unless terminated early as contemplated hereunder.
"Term" means, on a Country-by-Country and Collaboration Product-by-Collaboration Product basis, the period from the Effective Date until the later of (a) the expiration or termination of the last Valid Claim of a Patent Right covering the Pooled Compound in such Collaboration Product in such Country, and (b) fifteen (15) years from First Commercial Sale in such Country, unless this Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with Article 14.
The term of the CDx Development Program shall be five (5) years.
The term for Database Insights under Section 3.1.8 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Database Insights Term").
The term "Agreement Term" shall mean the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is terminated sooner as provided in Article 17, expiring on the date when all work has been completed or terminated under all R&D Plans.
The initial term of the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program will be five (5) years beginning on the Effective Date.
The term for Sample Profiling set forth in Section 3.1.4 shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Profiling Term").
This Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue for the Agreement Term.
The initial term of the ctDNA Platform Development Program will be twelve (12) months.
The initial term of this Agreement shall, unless sooner terminated by consent of all parties, expires in five (5) years from the date of Effective Date.
The Contract Term shall extend for a period of fifty (50) years.
This Agreement will become effective on the Effective Date, and will continue until the expiration of the "Sales Term" as that term is defined in the Sales Dealer Agreement dated as of August 16, 2017 between Vivint and Vivint Solar Developer, LLC (the "Term")."
The initial term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years, subject to the prior termination rights provided below.
Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, this Agreement continues in effect for an initial term of seven (7) years ("Initial Term") and will automatically renew for one or more annual periods after the Initial Term (each a "Renewal Term") unless either party gives notice of non-renewal at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the beginning of any Renewal Term.
The duration of this Venture (the "Term") will begin on March 1, 2020 and continue in full force and effect until February 28, 2025 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
This Amendment shall only become effective upon the VNBJ Closing with respect to Article 1.1 and the VNBZ Closing with respect to Article 1.2, and shall terminate without any force or effect in the event that the VNBJ SPA and the VNBZ SPA are terminated in accordance with the terms thereof.
This JV Agreement shall become effective on the signing date and shall have a duration of * years, extendable for a further * years, unless notice of non- renewal is sent one year before the natural expiry date.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of execution and shall continue in force and effect for an indefinite term thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the provisions of Article 16 or by all the Parties in writing.
This agreement shall terminate: a. Automatically if any public authority cancels or declines to renew the Agency's license or Certificate of Authority. b. Immediately if either party gives detailed written notice to the other of alleged gross and willful misconduct, fraud or material misrepresentation.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date hereof and shall terminate upon the termination of the Offering.
This Agreement will become effective as of the date first written above and will continue in effect thereafter until terminated pursuant to Paragraph 4.2 below.
This Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years commencing upon the Effective Date hereof unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement (the "Initial Term").
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the later to occur of the date that is (x) three (3) years from the date hereof and (y) the date on which an affiliate of Freedom Mortgage is not acting as the external manager of Cherry Hill.
The term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years following the Effective Date or until the Studies are completed, whichever is later, unless extended or unless terminated earlier in accordance with the provisions hereof.
Term: This Study Order will continue until the Study is completed, which is expected to be ________ (__) months after the Effective Date, or until terminated early as provided in the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the date first set forth above and, shall expire on the later of (i) five (5) years from the date hereof, or (ii) with respect to any projects identified in any contract for which VET TECH is billing the client directly, upon the completion of COOL TECH's Services and receipt of payment by COOL TECH from VET TECH for said services.
Unless terminated sooner, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years thereafter (the "Initial Term") and shall automatically renew for additional one (1) year terms on the terms and conditions set forth herein (each a "Renewal Term" and collectively, the "Term") unless either party gives the other Party Notice of its intention to terminate this Agreement ninety (90) days before the end of the Initial Term or Renewal Term, if any.
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this ---- Agreement shall terminate on the later of (i) the third anniversary of the Effective Date or (ii) the date on which ETI ceases to be a Subsidiary of NTL.
THIS STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), made effective this 17t h day of February 2016, through February 16, 2019 (the "Initial Term") i
Either party may terminate this agreement after 3 years following the effective date.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and shall remain in effect for a period of 5 years ("Initial Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be five (5) years from the date of execution and may be extended subject to satisfactory agreement on ongoing commercial terms, to be agreed two (2) months prior to the expiration of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until the later of (a) the fourth (4th) anniversary of the Effective Date, or (b) the completion or termination of the Research and receipt by LBIO of all deliverables due from MD Anderson hereunder, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.2 or Section 9.14.
This Agreement is effective on the Effective Date and shah continue in effect until the earlier of (a) the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date, and (b) termination by either Party for any reason upon thirty (30) days' written notice to the other Party; provided, however, that no Party shall be able to terminate this Agreement so long as such Party is a Defaulting Party under this Agreement.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner
The term of the Agreement will be for 12 months unless terminated sooner.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until it is terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 15 of this Agreement ("Term").
The initial term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and will continue in effect until five (5) year(s) from such date (the "Initial Term") unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 25.
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Initial Term") will be ten (10) years from the Effective Date, provided that at any time following the 7th anniversary of such date, either party may terminate such strategic alliance upon not less than 60 days' prior written notice to the other party.
The rights and obligations of the Farids Group set forth in this Article VI (other than those set forth in Sections 6.8 and 6.9) shall terminate on the date that the Farids Group owns less than 3% of the issued and outstanding Common Stock, but in no event earlier than the Expiration Date (as defined in the Warrant).
The term of this Agreement is twenty-four (24) months.
This Agreement shall be for an initial term of five (5) years, and unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall automatically renew for an additional term of five (5) years thereafter.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for a term of ten (10) years, unless previously terminated in accordance with Clause 15 (Termination).
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of two (2) years ("Initial Term") unless terminated earlier in accordance with Section 11 of this Agreement.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 4.2 or 4.3, this Agreement will be in effect from the Effective Date until completion of the Research Program.
The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of three (3) years after the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
This Agreement is effective on the day of May 1, 2013 and the effective term is the same as the Cooperation Ter
The Cooperation Term of the parties shall be two years from May 1, 2013 to April 30, 2015.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, (i) that this Section 8 shall survive any such termination and (ii) no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and, shall continue in full force and effect until terminated pursuant to this Article 18.
This Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of: (i) the conclusion of the Standstill Period or (ii) delivery of written notice by one Party to the other Party of a material breach of this Agreement by the breaching Party that is uncured after ten (10) calendar days of notice of such breach.
The term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement will be effective as of the date of its execution, and term of the Cooperation will be four years from the date on which the channel is uploaded.<omitted>The channel is expected to be uploaded on August 1, 201
Unless otherwise mutual agreed between the Parties, this Agreement shall remain in effect until the earlier of the below events occur: (a) The fifth (5t h) anniversary of this Agreement; and (b) Otkritie ceasing to own more than 2,237,216 class B shares or American depositary shares of QIWI.
Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, upon the expiration of the Support Period in accordance with Section 4, this Agreement shall immediately and automatically terminate in its entirety and no Party shall have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, no Party shall be released from any breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to the termination of this Agreement.
Subject to the other provisions contained herein, this AGREEMENT shall be for a term of thirty (30) years from the Effective Date, which shall automatically renew from year-to-year thereafter unless terminated by a Party upon sixty (60) days' written notice after the end of the term.
The term of this Agreement shall be fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the following provisions of this Article:
Unless earlier terminated pursuant to the provisions hereof, the term of this Agreement and the licenses and other grants of rights (and related obligations) under this Agreement shall (i) with respect to the Arizona Licensed Trademarks, be for the Arizona Trademark License Term, (ii) with respect to the Diamond Licensed Trademarks, be for the Diamond Trademark License Term, (iii) with respect to the Phase- Out Marks, be for the term set forth in Section 6.6, and (iv) with respect to Copyrights, Know-How and Patents, be in perpetuity.
Unless earlier terminated as provided below, this IP Agreement shall extend until the last date of expiration of the SRAM Intellectual Property rights licensed under this IP Agreement.
The term of this Agreement is five (5) years unless the early termination in accordance with this Agreement.
The provisions of this Agreement, including the license rights provided in this Article III, shall not be terminable or revocable for any reason.
The term of this IP Agreement shall be from the Effective Date until all of the Intellectual Property licensed hereunder is in the public domain (provided, however, that in such event the representations and warranties in Article III shall survive (and terminate) in accordance with the Acquisition Agreement) or this IP Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 4.3.
This Agreement shall remain in effect for sixty (60) months from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
Unless otherwise agreed in writing by Accuray and Distributor and subject to the termination rights contained in this Agreement, this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and shall continue until the termination of the Strategic Alliance Agreement; provided, however, that if a Termination Election relating to this Agreement is made pursuant to Section 10.3 of the Strategic Alliance Agreement prior to such termination, this Agreement shall terminate 36 months after such Termination Election (the "Term").
The term of this Agreement shall terminate on May 31, 2015, unless sooner terminated.
As provided for in this Section 1, the term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years, beginning on the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"); provided, however, the Initial Term shall be subject to automatic successive renewal terms of three (3) years each (the "Renewal Terms" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
The terms of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date and will be automatically renewed on each anniversary of the effective date, for a renewal term of one year unless either party provides written notification of its intention not to renew this Agreement at least one month prior to the expiration of the initial or any renewal terms.
Distributor's appointment is for a term of one year from the Effective Date, renewable automatically unless terminated under Section 18
The Term will commence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and will remain in effect, unless sooner terminated under paragraphs 5.2, 5.3, or 5.4, until the termination date specified in Exhibit A.
September 30, 1997
This Agreement shall have an initial term of one (1) year from the date first above written (the "Initial Term"), and shall thereafter automatically renew for successive two (2) year periods (each a "Renewal Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement shall be two (2) years from the Effective Date with automatic annual renewals thereafter provided either party does not provide sixty (60) days notice of termination prior to the renewal date or the Agreement is not otherwise terminated as set forth in Section 8.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) calendar years from the Agreement date.
The term of this Agreement shall be ten (10) years (the "Term") which shall commence on the date upon which the Company delivers to Distributor the last Sample, as defined hereinafter.
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the date first above written and shall terminate on 31 December 2006, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years from the date first set forth above and shall thereafter automatically renew for additional two (2) year terms unless a party provides the other party with notice of non-renewal no less than 6 months prior to the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term unless earlier terminated as follows
April 15, 2000 through October 15, 2000 (6 Months from the Effective Date)
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) years from the Effective Date and shall thereafter be automatically renewed for subsequent one (1) year periods unless either party notifies the other in writing of its election not to renew the Agreement at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the expiration of the then-current term.
Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until terminated by either Party upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice.
This contract shall be for a term of one year commencing on the date first above written; thereafter, it shall automatically continue until terminated by either party upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for 3 years (the "Initial Term") commencing on the date first set forth above (the "Commencement Date") and ending on the 3rd anniversary of the Commencement Date.
The Term of this Agreement shall be for a period of [* ****] years and [*****] months commencing the 1st day of September 2004 and terminating the [*****] day of [*****].
The term of the license hereby granted shall commence August 1, 1995 and continue until January 30, 2000, unless sooner terminated in the manner provided in the immediately succeeding sentence or as otherwise provided in this Agreement.
Unless otherwise provided for in this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall be three years, commencing on the date of this Agreement and expiring on the third anniversary date of this Agreement (the "Termination Date").
The COMPANY agrees to a one year engagement to contract the CELEBRITY to speak at the company meetings and seminars along with endorsement of the Company products.
Notwithstanding any provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement shall terminate upon the Trust's payment to the Company of the sum of the aggregate amount of the premiums paid under the Policy since inception (which amount includes the outstanding principal balance of the Demand Note).
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing on January 1, 2000 and concluding December 31, 2003, unless terminated sooner as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall extend from the date of execution hereof through and until _______, unless extended by written agreement of the parties.
The term of this Agreement shall commence January 1, 1996, and shall continue for a period of three (3) years, concluding December 31, 1998.
"Contract Period" shall mean that period of time commencing as of May 31, 1999 and concluding May 31, 2000.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Article 13, shall continue in full force and effect, on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the Secondary Royalty Term with respect to such Product expires, at which time this Agreement shall expire in its entirety with respect to such Product in such country.
This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and unless terminated earlier by mutual written agreement of the Parties or pursuant to Section 9.2 (Termination At Will) or Section 9.3 (Termination for Cause) below, the term of this Agreement shall continue in effect until Achaogen ceases development and commercialization of Plazomicin ("Term").
Except as provided in Sections 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, and 6.5, this Agreement shall terminate one (1) year from the Rig Release Date, if such has not been terminated sooner pursuant to the provisions hereof.
The term of this Agreement shall be for 10 years commencing on the date of execution of this Agreement by AIRSOPURE.
The Term shall begin on the Effective Date and will end, without further notice, on the Expiration Date set forth in the Addendum, unless terminated earlier under the terms of this Agreement.<omitted>Expiration Date: at midnight on the last day of the month fifteen (15) years from the Effective Date
The term of this Agreement starts on the Effective Date and, unless this Agreement is earlier terminated in accordance with its provisions, will expire ten (10) years from the Effective Date.
You must operate the Franchise at a mutually agreeable site (the "Premises") to be identified after the signing of this Agreement, and to use the System and the Marks in the operation of that Franchise, for a term of 10 years (the "Initial Term")
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, this Agreement will expire on _______________________________________.
This Agreement shall be effective as of that date (the "Effective Date") the Site becomes fully operational as set forth in writing and executed by both Parties and shall continue for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date.
This Agreement will be effective beginning on 12:01 a.m., Eastern Time, on the day after the date of last signature to these Base Terms ("Effective Date") and ending on the expiration and/or termination of all Service Option Attachments, unless the Agreement is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms herein.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and will terminate on the third anniversary of the Effective Date (the "Term"), unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreemen
This Agreement will take effect on the Effective Date and remain in effect for a period of 1 year; provided, that Sections 2 and 3 level shall terminate promptly upon (a) any action or omission by Client or any of its customers which constitutes a breach of or default by TrueLink under any System Agreement or Credit Repository Agreement, which breach or default has either not been cured or cannot be cured within the applicable cure period and the consequences of which is that TrueLink will lose material rights it had pursuant to said Agreements or (b) any violations or breach by Client of Sections 8a - 8c.
This agreement shall be for a term of five years from the date of this document.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, shall continue in full force and effect for an initial period of five (5) years.
"Term" means the period of time commencing on the Effective Date and continuing thereafter indefinitely until this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 10 below.
Subject to early termination of this Agreement pursuant to Sections 7.2, 7.3 or 7.4, this Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and shall continue until the expiration or earlier termination of the Development and License Agreement (the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid for a period of five (5) years with automatic renewal of one year thereafter until terminated<omitted>by either party with one (1) year written notice prior to the expiration of the initial period or any extension period thereof.
Unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 12.2 below, the initial term of this Agreement shall expire on 31 December 2024 (the "Initial Term") unless the Parties mutually agree in writing any extension to the Initial Term.
This Agreement shall have a term of four (4) years from the effective date first set forth above, and shall automatically renew for additional one year terms unless earlier terminated by either party.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall extend for a period of Five (5) years thereafter ("Initial Term"), unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein or is extended by mutual written agreement of the Parties.
Unless terminated earlier as provided herein, this Agreement shall terminate on the date three (3) years from the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement is three years from and including the date of this Agreement (the "Initial Term"), with automatic renewal for additional successive one-year terms (each a "Renewal Term" and together wit the Initial Term, the "Term") unless no later than [* * *] days prior to the end of the Initial Term, or any Renewal Term either party notifies the other that it wishes to terminate this Agreement effective the end of the Initial Term or that Renewal Term, as applicable.
Except as otherwise set forth in Sections 9.2 and 9.3 or Exhibit A hereof, the term of this Agreement shall be eighteen (18) months ("Term").
This Agreement shall continue in effect for a period of one year from the date of its execution and from year to year thereafter provided such continuance is specifically approved by a majority of the trustees of the Trust who (i) are not "interested persons" of the Trust or any other party to this Agreement, as defined in the 1940 Act, and (ii) have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of this Agreement ("Non- Interested Trustees").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3 of this Agreement, shall continue until the twentieth (20th) anniversary of the Effective Date; provided, however, (i) Operator shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Owner, if Operator provides a substitute operator acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, who (A) has experience operating similar assets, (B) has the ability to provide at least the same quality of service as Operator, (C) has the financial ability to perform the obligations hereunder, and (D) is ready, willing and able to execute an operation and maintenance agreement substantially similar to this Agreement and acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, and (ii) Owner shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Operator.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 8, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
To the extent not terminated previously by AIG pursuant to the foregoing, this Agreement will terminate automatically one year after the closing of any sale of the Company by AIG, and all provisions hereof will be of no further force and effect.
It shall be effective on 06 October 2000 and shall have a duration of two years.
Subject to termination pursuant to this Agreement, the Non Exclusive license granted by Licensor to Licensee shall be for an initial period of 36 months, commencing from the acceptance date, (the "Initial Period").
This Agreement and the license granted under this Agreement shall remain in effect perpetually as long as fees are paid by Sparkling in accordance with the Fee Schedule and the Agreement is not otherwise terminated in accordance with this Section.
This Agreement shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for an initial period of five years until terminated in the manner described in Clause 16 below.
In addition, DCL may terminate this Agreement with effect from the 3rd, 4th or 5th anniversary of the Commencement Date by giving not less than six months notice in writing to SEV
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Services Commencement Date and remain effective for ten (10) years (the "Initial Term") unless terminated in accordance with its terms.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in operation for at least a period of twenty-five (25) years (hereinafter called "Initial Period") after the RFCS Date and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
This Agreement shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of: (i) the date on which the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement equal $5,000,000; (ii) the Release Date (as defined in Section 19) or (iii) payment in full, in cash, of all Obligations and the termination of the Financing Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time the aggregate Required Capital Contributions paid by the Investor, and received by the Borrowers, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement is less than $5,000,000 and any payment, or any part thereof, on account of any of the Obligations is invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Agent or the Lenders upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or reorganization of any Borrower or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for any Borrower, or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Article 9.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date and year first above written and shall continue in operation for at least an initial period of twenty-five (25) years following the RFS Date (hereinafter referred to as "initial Period") and shall be terminable thereafter by agreement of the Parties.
Subject to the provisions of this AGREEMENT, and with effect from the date when the party signing last in time appends its signature to this agreement ("the effective date"), and enduring in perpetuity unless terminated as provided for elsewhere in this AGREEMENT, SAP AFRICA grants, and TELKOM accepts a non-exclusive, non-transferable licence to USE the SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION and other SAP AFRICA PROPRIETARY INFORMATION at the specified DESIGNATED SITE within the TERRITORY.
The licence granted hereunder shall become effective upon execution of this AGREEMENT by both parties and shall endure indefinitely unless terminated under clause 6. 2.
Upon expiration of that 12 months, MMMW affords the Customer the opportunity of a continuation of support on an annual basis as follows: The Initial Term of this Technical Infrastructure Maintenance Agreement is twelve months, commencing on the Effective Date.
This Agreement commences on the date first above written, and will remain in effect for the period of five (5) years, except as otherwise provided herein.
Unless earlier terminated in accordance with this paragraph 7, this Agreement shall continue indefinitely.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, shall continue for the duration of the Lease, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3.
The initial period of this Agreement (the "Initial Term") shall commence upon the Effective Date and continue until March 31, 2003.
This OMA shall expire upon the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the Effective Date and (ii) the date that all Shares of Stock of the Seller Trusts as set forth on Schedule A hereto have been sold (the "Term").
The Term will be 3 years from Effective Date with an automatic 2 year term extensions unless otherwise advised by one of the Parties.
This Agreement between HEMISPHERX and SCIEN shall be in effect beginning the last date of execution set forth on the signature page to the Agreement (the "Effective Date") to which this Quality Agreement is Exhibit 2 and remain in effect until HEMISPHERX and SCIEN terminate the Agreement or it is superseded by a revised Quality Agreement executed by both parties.
This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue unless and until terminated as provided herein.
Subject to Article 22.2, this Agreement shall remain in force for an Initial Period of 1 year, which may be renewed by mutual consent for such period as the Parties may agree ("Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement or for any of the following reasons:
This Agreement begins on the Effective Date and shall continue indefinitely unless sooner terminated as provided in this Article 5.
This Agreement shall terminate as to the Remarketing Agent and its obligations hereunder with respect to VRRM-MFP Shares upon the earliest to occur of (a) the effective date of the resignation or removal of such Remarketing Agent pursuant to Section 5(a) and Section 5(b), respectively, (b) the completion of a successful Transition Remarketing on a New Mode Commencement Date in connection with transition to a new Mode, or (c) the date on which no VRRM-MFP Shares are Outstanding.
In addition, the<omitted>obligations of the Remarketing Agents may be terminated by them by notice given to the Company prior to 12:00 noon, New York City time on the Remarketing Settlement Date if, prior to that time, any of the applicable conditions precedent to the obligations of the Remarketing Agents described in Section 5 hereof shall have failed to occur.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to earlier termination in accordance with the provisions of Section 16, shall continue in force for a period being the longer of fifteen (15) years from first Commercial Launch of the Product in the Territory or until the expiration of the last valid claim in the PPI Patents covering the Product in any country of the Territory (the "Initial Term").
In addition, the obligations of the Remarketing Agent hereunder may be terminated by it by notice given to the Company prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date immediately preceding the Commencement Date if, prior to that time, any of the events described in Sections 6(i), (j) or (k) shall have occurred.
This Agreement shall terminate (i) the Business Day immediately following the Remarketing Settlement Date, (ii) at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the last date of the Remarketing if the Remarketing is not successful or (iii) on the effective date of the resignation or removal of the Remarketing Agent and the appointment of a new Remarketing Agent.
The Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to this Agreement or extended by mutual agreement between the parties, shall continue in effect for thirty six (36) months following the Effective Date (the "Term").
This Agreement shall be effective on the later of the dates that it is executed by Imprimis and Surgical (the "Effective Date") and shall terminate pursuant to the terms of the SOW (the "Term").
Subject to earlier termination as provided in this Agreement, the initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period beginning on the Effective Date and ending ten (10) years thereafter unless this Agreement is terminated earlier as provided herein.
The term of this Agreement shall be five years commencing on the Effective Date and ending at the close of business on the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date.
The term of this Agreement shall commence with the first race ----- of the 1998 Winston Cup season and shall continue until the final race of the year-2000 Winston Cup season.
The term of this Agreement will begin on December 15, 1997 and will end the later of (i) December 15, 1999 or (ii) Excite's delivery of all of the guaranteed Click-throughs described in Section 1(f).
This Agreement shall terminate and, subject to the provisions set forth below, be of no further force or effect on the exercise by the Sponsor of its right to terminate this Agreement as provided in subsection 6.2, provided that, in any event, sections 3, 7 and 8 and, in the event that such termination occurs by virtue of paragraph 6.2(b), subsection 2.5 shall not terminate (except as set forth therein) and shall continue in full force and effect for the benefit of the Sponsor or the other parties to this Agreement, as the case may be.
The term (the "Term") shall commence on November 1, 2007 and end on October 31, 2008 (unless terminated earlier in accordance with the General Provisions).
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force and effect until one (1) year subsequent to the Effective Date, provided however, that Tickets may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon thirty (30) days' notice to MP3. com at any time prior to the expiration of sixty (60) days subsequent to the Effective Date.
This term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and terminates on August 2nd, 2015 upon completion of event.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for six (6) months.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue in effect for a period of five (5) years (the "Initial Term"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions set out herein.
This Agreement shall continue in force for a term of twelve (12) months from the Effective Date, unless terminated earlier under the provisions of this Article 8 (the "Term"); PROVIDED that TouchStar shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time after the Effective Date upon not less than fifteen (15) days' prior written notice to Reseller.
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for an Initial Term of five (5) years, and will automatically renew for additional periods of five (5) years unless one Party notifies the other of its intention not to renew, no less than 12 months prior to the expiration of the then-current term, unless terminated as permitted under this Agreement.
This Agreement comes into force as of the Effective Date and shall remain valid during the term of the LSA.
This Supply Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date, and shall continue for a period of [***] unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Supply Agreement.
Unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.2 below, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect for a FIVE (5) year period.
This Agreement shall become effective on the date of its execution and shall remain in force for three years (the "Initial Term").
The term of this Supply Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date first set forth above and shall remain in effect until the later of (a) July 31, 2021 or (b) the date that the Parties enter into the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement and Sutro is supplying to SutroVax each Product under the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement (the "Term"), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with Section 10.2.
The term of this Agreement will commence upon the Effective Date and will continue until the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Effective Date, unless earlier terminated or extended under this Article 8 (the "Initial Term").
The initial term of the Services, unless terminated as set out herein, shall continue up to and including 28 February 2000 ("the Initial Term").
This Development Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and continue for four (4) years unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 10.2, or unless the parties extend the term by mutual written Development Agreement ("Term").
This Agreement will be in effect for one year from the Effective Date and will automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods unless terminated as provided below.
This Agreement shall be effective through and including March 31, 2004.
This Agreement shall be effective until the earlier of (a) its termination in accordance with the provisions of this Article 14 or (b) the date that is two (2) years after the date of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement will renew automatically for successive terms of one (1) year each unless a party to this Agreement delivers written notice of termination to the other party to this Agreement at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the original or any renewal term or the parties to this Agreement do not agree in writing to the Quota Amount referred to in subsection 14.2(b)(1) for any one (1) year renewal term at least sixty (60) days prior to the commencement of such term.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on January 1, 2000 and continue for an initial period of five (5) years unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 7 hereof, and may be renewed under Section 8 hereof (the initial period plus any renewal period, the "Term").
The initial term of this Agreement shall be one (1) year from the Effective Date (the "Initial Term").
