This Agreement is accepted by Company in the Location of Location and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws thereof, which laws shall prevail in the event of any conflict.
This Agreement is subject to all laws, regulations, license conditions and decisions of the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission ("Party") municipal, provincial and federal governments or other authorities which are applicable to Party and/or Party, and which are now in force or hereafter adopted ("Applicable Law").
This Agreement shall be governed by laws of the Location of Location and the federal laws of Location applicable therein.
All questions with respect to the construction of this Agreement, and the rights and liabilities of the Parties hereto, shall be governed by the laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Location without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in all respects in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, without giving effect to any conflicts of laws principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Location, without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles thereof.
This Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Location as applied to agreements made, entered into and performed entirely in Location by Location residents, notwithstanding the actual residence of the parties, without giving effect to any choice of laws of Location that would require the application of the laws of a state other than Location.
This Agreement has been entered into in the Location of                   Location, and the validity, interpretation and legal effect                   of this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the Location of                   Location applicable to contracts entered into and performed                   entirely within the Location of Location.
This Agreement has been executed and delivered in Location in the Location of Location, and its interpretation, validity and performance shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the Location of Location.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Location and Location, without regard to conflict of laws principles.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Location   (without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof).
This Agreement shall be governed, interpreted and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the Location, in the country of the Location, without regard to its conflict of laws principles.
The validity and interpretation of this Agreement and the legal relations of the Parties to it will be governed by the laws of the State of Location without recourse to its conflicts of law rules.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and any dispute arising hereunder shall be determined in accordance with, the laws of State of Location (without giving effect to conflict of laws principles) including all matters of construction, validity and performance.
This agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Location law.
This Agreement is a contract under the laws of the State of Location and for all purposes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of Location, without regard to its principles of conflicts of laws provisions.
This Locationgreement shall be governed by and construed pursuant to the laws of the Locationtate of Location, Location.Location.Location., without reference to principals of conflicts of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the Location and the State of Location, except for conflict of laws provisions.
THILocation LocationGREEMENT, LocationND THE RIGHTLocation LocationND OBLIGLocationTIONLocation OF THE PLocationRTIELocation, LocationHLocationLL BE GOVERNED BY LocationND CONLocationTRLocationED LocationND ENFORCED IN LocationCCORDLocationNCE WITH THE LocationLocationBLocationTLocationNTIVE LLocationWLocation OF THE LocationTLocationTE OF Location, Location.Location.Location. WITHOLocationT REGLocationRD TO ITLocation PRINCIPLELocation OF CONFLICTLocation OF LLocationWLocation.
Regardless of the place of execution hereof, this Agreement, all amendments hereto, and any and all issues or controversies arising here from or related hereto, shall be governed by and construed exclusively in accordance with the laws and decisions of the State of Location.
This Agreement, all amendments hereto, and any and all issues or controversies arising here from or related hereto, shall be governed by and construed exclusively in accordance with the laws of the State of Location.
The parties hereto have expressly agreed that this Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Location, applicable to contracts executed and fully to be performed therein, to the exclusion of any other applicable body of governing law.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in all respects exclusively in accordance with the laws of the Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Location without giving effect to conflict or choice of law principles.
This Agreement will be governed by the substantive laws of the State of Location, without regard for its conflict of laws provisions.
Any disputes relating to, arising out of or resulting from this Agreement, including to its execution, performance, or enforcement, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of Location, regardless of the Laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of Laws thereof.
Any disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement, including to its execution, performance or enforcement, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of Location, regardless of the Laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of Laws thereof.
This IP Agreement will be construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the state of Location and of the Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement will be governed in all respects by the laws of the Location of Location (without regard to conflicts of law provisions), as such laws are applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within the Location of Location between Location residents.
This Agreement and all disputes arising out of or related to this Agreement or any breach hereof shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, without giving effect to any choice of law principles that would result in the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement shall be construed, and legal relations between the parties hereto shall be determined, in accordance with the laws of the State of Location applicable to contracts solely executed and wholly to be performed within the State of Location without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of laws.
The laws of the Location of Location (excluding any laws that direct the application of another jurisdiction's law) govern all matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement and all of the transactions it contemplates, including its validity, interpretation, construction, performance, and enforcement.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF Location WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES (OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE Location GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW).
This Agreement and any matters arising out of or related to this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Location.
The construction, interpretation and performance of this Agreement and all transactions under it shall be governed by the law of the Location of Location, without giving effect to choice of law rules, and both Parties consent to jurisdiction by the courts of the Location of Location.
The laws of the State of Location (without giving effect to its conflicts of law principles) govern all matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement and all of the transactions it contemplates, including without limitation, its validity, interpretation, construction, performance, and enforcement.
This Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced exclusively under the laws of the Location of Location, without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof.
This Agreement and all Actions (whether in contract or tort) that may be based upon, arise out of or relate to this Agreement or the negotiation, execution or performance hereof or thereof shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Law of the State of Location, without regard to any Laws or principles thereof that would result in the application of the Laws of any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement and the application and interpretation hereof shall be governed exclusively by the laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement will be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Location of Location, and the courts of Tel-Aviv, Location
This Agreement shall be governed, interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the law of the State of Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of Location.
Should either Party herein initiate a legal proceeding for revoking any arbitration result regarding the Partyontract, both Parties herein agree to take the Party of Location as the competent court of first instance pursuant to the laws of the Party.Party.Party..
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive Laws of the [* * *], excluding any rules of conflicts of laws that would apply the substantive laws of any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of Location, without regard to conflict of law principles thereof.
This Agreement and any and all matters arising directly or indirectly herefrom shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the [***] applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely in such state, including its statutes of limitation but without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location without giving effect to choice of law doctrine.
This Agreement and all disputes arising out of or related to this Agreement or any breach hereof are governed by and construed under the Laws of the State of Location, without giving effect to any choice of law principles that would require the application of the Laws of a different state.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the Location without regard to the conflicts of law provisions thereof.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Location and all disputes and controversies arising out of or in connection with the Agreement shall be brought exclusively before the competent courts in Location County, Location; provided however that judgment shall be enforceable in any country and that nothing in this Section shall prevent or restrict either Party from seeking interim relief in any competent jurisdiction as it may deem fit.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws in force in the Location of Location (excluding any conflict of laws rule or principle which might refer such construction to the laws of another jurisdiction).
The laws of Location shall govern the construction and enforceability of the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, without reference to principles of conflicts of law.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement shall be governed in all respects, including as to validity, interpretation and effect, by the Laws of the State of Location, without giving effect to its principles or rules of conflict of laws, to the extent such principles or rules are not mandatorily applicable by statute and would permit or require the application of the Laws of another jurisdiction.
THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES HERETO, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF Location (INCLUDING SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF Location, BUT WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY OTHERWISE APPLICABLE CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES).
Without reference to choice or conflict of law principles, this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, without regard to its conflict-of-laws or choice-of law principles.
This agreement shall be governed by the Laws of England (English common and statutory Law).
This Agreement is subject to and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the Location with jurisdiction and venue in federal and Location courts in Location and Location, Location.
It will be governed by the law of the Location ,otherwise it is governed by United Party Convention on Contract for the International Sale of Goods.
This Agreement and all claims or causes of action arising out of or related to this Agreement shall be governed in all respects, including as to validity, interpretation and effect, by the laws of the State of Location and the Location, without giving effect to its principles or rules of conflict of laws.
This Partygreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the law set forth in the Partylling Partyffiliate's general terms and conditions, as applicable.
The parties' rights and obligations hereunder shall be construed and enforced under the laws of the Locationtate of Location, Location.Location.Location., without regard to conflict of laws principles. Incoterms 2010 (or any subsequent revision thereof) ("Incoterms") shall also apply; provided, however, that Incoterms shall apply only to the extent specified in the agreement hereof, and provided, further, that in the event of a conflict between Incoterms and the laws of the Locationtate of Location, Location.Location.Location., the latter shall govern.
This Agreement shall be governed by Location law, without regard to its conflict of laws principles.
This Agreement between Party and Buyer shall be governed by the laws of Location (excluding its rules on conflict of laws).
The provisions of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location (excluding any conflict of law rule or principle that would refer to the laws of another jurisdiction).
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Location without regard to its conflicts of law principles.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Location without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law rules.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement is entered into in the Location of Location and shall be governed, interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of the Location of Location without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof.
Any controversy between the parties arising under this Agreement and not resolved by the parties shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Location without giving effect to the conflict of law rules thereof.
This Agreement will be interpreted, construed and enforced in accordance with the Laws of the Location of Location, without reference to its choice of Laws rules.
This Agreement will be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location without giving effect to conflict of laws principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Location without reference to its choice of law rules.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the Location of Party and the Parties agree to abide by the jurisdiction of the Party of Party.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the State of Location without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.
This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the state where a suit is properly filed under the terms of this paragraph, being either Location or Location, and without giving effect to conflict of law principles.
The Agreement will be governed by and construed in         accordance with the laws of the State of Location, notwithstanding the         actual state or country of residence or incorporation of Application         Provider.
The validity, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be          governed by the laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the Location without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the Location without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the Location without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.
This Agreement and any action<omitted>related  thereto  shall  be governed, controlled, interpreted and defined by and under  the laws of the State of Location and the Location, without regard to  the conflicts of laws provisions thereof.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of Location, applicable to contracts executed in and to be performed entirely within that<omitted>state.
This Agreement will be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location without giving effect to conflict of laws principles. Both parties submit to personal jurisdiction in Location and further agree that any cause of action arising under this Agreement shall be brought in a court in Location City, Location.
This Agreement and all acts and transactions pursuant          ------------- hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law.
This Agreement will be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Location, including its conflict with law provisions.
This Agreement shall be binding on the Parties as of the date hereof and is to be construed in accordance  with and governed by the internal laws of the State of Location without giving effect to any choice of law rule that would cause the application of  the laws of any jurisdiction other than the internal laws of the State of Location to the rights and duties of the Parties.
This Agreement shall be construed and governed in accordance                   with the laws of the State of Location regardless of the place                   or places of its physical execution and performance.
Even in case of agreements with foreign (non-German) Software Publishers and Affiliates, the law of the Location applies.
This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location.
The obligations of Affiliate and Party under this Agreement are subject to all applicable federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations, and this Agreement and all matters or issues collateral thereto shall be governed by the laws of the State of Location applicable to contracts to be entirely performed therein.
All  disputes  or  claims  by  Payment  Data  Systems hereunder  shall be resolved by arbitration in Location, Location, pursuant to the rules of the Party.
All disputes or claims by Party  hereunder shall be resolved by arbitration in Location, Location, pursuant to the  rules  of  the  American  Arbitration  Association.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and its provisions enforced in accordance with, the laws of Location without regard to its principles of conflicts of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Location and Location, and all actions brought hereunder whether at law or in equity shall be brought in Location.
This Agreement will be construed and governed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, without regard to conflict of laws principles.
The Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of Location in the Partynited States of America,  and venue for any such legal action shall be in the Party or Party in Location, Location or the Party.Party having jurisdiction  over Location, Location.
Regardless of the place of execution hereof, this Agreement, all amendments hereto, and any and all  issues or controversies arising here from or related hereto, shall be governed by and construed exclusively in  accordance with the laws and decisions of the State of Location.
This Agreement sets forth the entire Agreement of the parties hereto, and any and all prior agreements, to the extent inconsistent herewith, are hereby superseded. This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the Location of Location applicable to contracts formed and to be performed entirely within the Location of Location, without regard to conflict of laws principles, and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Investment Fund Act.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Location applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely within such state, without regard to the conflicts of law principles of such state; provided that any matters relating to the construction or effect of any Patent will be governed by the patent laws of the relevant jurisdiction in which such Patent is granted.
This Agreement will be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of [***], without regard to the conflicts of law principles thereof, and [***].
This Agreement, after review by Developer and Party, was accepted in the state in which Partyanchisor's then-current headquarters (currently the Location of Location) is located and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of such state, except that the provisions in Section 20.1 covering competition following the expiration, termination or assignment of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state in which the breach occurs.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Location without regard to conflict of law principles, may not be amended except by a writing signed by both parties, and shall supersede any and all prior discussions and writings between the parties concerning the subject matter.
This Agreement or the performance, enforcement, breach or termination hereof shall be interpreted, governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, Location, excluding any conflicts or choice of law rule or principle that might otherwise refer construction or interpretation of this Agreement to the substantive law of another jurisdiction; provided that all questions concerning (a) inventorship of Patents under this Agreement shall be determined in accordance with Section 7.1.3 and (b) the construction or effect of Patents shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the country or other jurisdiction in which the particular Patent has been filed or granted, as the case may be.
This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Location, without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof.
This Agreement shall be governed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location without regard to conflict of laws principles.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location without regard to its provisions concerning the applicability of the laws of other jurisdictions, and specifically excluding the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods.
This Locationgreement, the legal relations between the parties, and any action, whether contractual or non-contractual, instituted by any party with respect to matters arising under or growing out of or in connection with or in respect of this Locationgreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the Locationtate of Location (Location.Location.Location.), excluding any choice of law rules that may direct the application of the laws of another jurisdiction, and except that questions affecting the construction and effect of any Patent shall be determined by the law of the country in which the Patent has been granted.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the Location, excluding its rules of conflicts of law and the United Party Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods dated 11 April 1980 (CISG), as amended from time to time.
The construction and validity of this Agreement and the provisions hereof, and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder, will be governed by the internal laws of the State of Location, Location, and, to the extent applicable to Patents and Trademarks, the applicable federal laws of the Location, in each instance without regard to conflict of laws principles.
This Letter shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location without reference to any rules of conflict of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location without reference to any rules of conflict of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of Location, without reference to its conflicts of laws principles.
This agreement shall be construed, interpreted and governed by and in accordance with the laws of Location.
This Agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter shall be governed by,  and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Location (without regard to its conflicts of laws rules that would mandate the  application of the laws of another jurisdiction).
This Termination Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Party, without regard to conflicts of law principles.
This Agreement will for all purposes be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Location without giving effect to any conflict of laws principles that require the application of the laws of a different state.
This Agreement  shall  be  governed  and  construed in accordance with           the  laws  of  the  United  States of America.
This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Location without regard to conflicts of law provisions.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in all respects in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, without giving effect to any conflicts of laws principles.
The merits of the dispute shall be resolved in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, without reference to its choice of law rules.
This Agreement is to be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the Location of Location applicable to contracts made and to be performed wholly within such Location, and without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof.
The execution, validity, interpretation, enforcement and dispute resolution of this Agreement shall be governed by the PRC Law.
This Agreement, the rights and obligations of the parties hereto, and any claims or disputes thereto, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location without reference to conflict of law principles. Venue for any proceedings not subject to arbitration under this Agreement shall be in the state and federal courts located in Location, Location.
This Agreement is governed by and shall be construed in      accordance with the laws of Location
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, without application of conflict of laws principles.
The terms of the Governing Law and Dispute Resolution provisions of the Distribution Agreement will apply to this Addendum.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Location without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.
This Distributor Agreement shall be exclusively governed, construed, enforced and controlled by the laws of the Location and of the State of Location.
This Agreement, which is in English, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof.
This Agreement and all questions regarding its existence, validity, interpretation, breach or performance and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it (whether contractual or non-contractual in nature such as claims in tort, from breach of statute or regulation or otherwise) shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Location, Location, without reference to its conflicts of law principles to the extent those principles would require applying another jurisdiction's laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Location, its rules of conflict of laws notwithstanding.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location applicable to agreements executed and to be wholly performed therein.
This Agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Location (without regard to its conflicts of laws rules that would mandate the application of the laws of another jurisdiction).
This Termination Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Party, without regard to conflicts of law principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, without regard to its principles of conflicts of law.
This Agreement and the relationship between the parties is governed by and will be construed exclusively in accordance with the laws of the Location of Location (without regard to, and without applying, Location conflict-of-law rules).
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws  of the Location without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles.
The validity, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement shall be controlled by and construed under the laws of the State of Location, Location, as if performed wholly within the state and without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law, and the state and federal courts of Location shall have jurisdiction over any claim arising under this Agreement.
The Warranty and the Software License shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, without reference to principles of conflict of laws.
This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Location without regards for its conflict of laws principle.
All matters relating to this Agreement, the rights of the Parties hereunder and the construction of the terms hereof shall be governed by the laws of the State of Location, without regard to conflicts of laws principles.
This Warrant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, without giving effect to its principles regarding conflicts of law.
This Agreement will be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Location of Location without reference to its conflicts of laws principles or the conflicts of laws principles of any other jurisdiction, and each of the parties hereto expressly attorns to the jurisdiction of the courts of the Location of Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Location, without reference to its conflicts of law principles.
This Consulting Agreement shall be governed by, and construed pursuant to the laws of the State of Location, applicable to agreements made and performed wholly within such State.
This Agreement and the legal relations among the Parties hereto shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, without regard to its conflict of law doctrine.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed inaccordance with the laws of Location and the federal laws of Location applicable in Location, and the parties irrevocably submit to and accept generally and unconditionally the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts and appellate courts of Location in that regard.
This Agreement shall be interpreted, construed, governed, and enforced according to the laws of the Location, without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Location, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions of any jurisdiction.
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, without regard to the conflict of law principles of Location or any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Location without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule that would cause the application of laws of any other jurisdiction.
Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the parties, the Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Location of Location and the federal laws of Location applicable therein, and the parties hereto submit and attorn to the jurisdiction of the courts of the Location of Location.
Except to the extent governed by the Location.Location. Trademark Act of 1946 (Lanham Act, 15 Location.Location.C.  "1051 et seq.),  this Agreement,  the other agreements  referred herein,  and the offer and the sale of the  franchise  shall be  governed in all respects  and  aspects  by the  laws of the  Commonwealth  of  Pennsylvania  and expressly  excluding  the laws  pertaining  to the choice of law and conflict of laws.
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, without regard to the conflict of law principles of Location or any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement was entered into in the Location of Location, and its validity, construction, interpretation, and legal effect shall be governed by the laws and judicial decisions of the Location of Location applicable to contracts entered into and performed entirely within the Location of Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location exclusive of its conflict of laws principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Location applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely within such State, without regard to the conflicts of law principles of such State.
RATHER THESE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS, OTHER THAN CHOICE OF LAW RULES, OF THE STATE OF GEORGIA.
THILocation AGREEMENT TAKELocation EFFELocationT LocationPON ITLocation ALocationLocationEPTANLocationE AND EXELocationLocationTION BY Location, AND LocationHALL BE INTERPRETED AND LocationONLocationTRLocationED LocationNDER THE LAWLocation OF THE LocationTATE IN WHILocationH THE FRANLocationHILocationED RELocationTALocationRANT ILocation LOLocationATED, EXLocationEPT TO THE EXTENT GOVERNED BY THE PartyED LocationTATELocation TRADEMARK ALocationT OF 1946 (PartyHAM ALocationT, 15, Location.Location.Location. LocationELocationTIONLocation 1051 ET LocationEQ).
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Location without reference to any conflict of laws provisions thereof, except where governed by the Bankruptcy Code.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location without regard to principles of  conflicts of law.
The laws of the State of Location          shall govern all issues arising under or relating to this Agreement,          without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles thereof.
The parties to this Agreement hereby agree that the law         of the State of Location shall govern their rights and duties in whole         without regard to the conflict of law provisions thereof (other than New         York General Obligations Law Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402).
This Agreement and any claim, controversy or dispute arising out of or related to this Agreement, any of the transactions contemplated hereby and/or the interpretation and enforcement of the rights and duties of the Parties, whether arising in contract, tort, equity or otherwise, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the domestic laws of the Location of Location (including in respect of the statute of limitations or other limitations period applicable to any such claim, controversy or dispute), without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the Location of Location or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the Location of Location.
This Agreement will be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location and is assignable only upon the written consent by all the parties hereto
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF Location, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS (OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW), AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.
This Agreement shall be governed by, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, without regard to principles of conflicts of law.
This Agreement is governed by the laws of Location and Location.
This Locationgreement shall be governed by the laws of the Locationtate of Location, Location.Location.Location. without regard to conflict of law principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Location, without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof.
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of Location without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement shall be subject to and governed by the laws of the State of Location, excluding any conflicts-of-law rule or principle that might refer the construction or interpretation of this Agreement to the laws of another state.
This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with English law, save where provided otherwise herein.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of Party and Location and the parties to this Agreement submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Party of Party and Location in relation to any claim, dispute or matter arising out of or relating to this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be construed and the provisions hereof interpreted under and in accordance with the laws of the Location.
This Agreement (and any question about its subsistence, effect or termination) is to be interpreted in accordance with the laws of Location, save for that body of law which governs the conflict of laws.
This Agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of Location.
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced and interpreted in accordance with and governed by the laws of the Location without reference to principles of conflicts of law.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location and venue for  any legal action brought in Party shall lie exclusively in Location, Location and venue for any action brought in federal court shall  lie exclusively in the Northern District of Location, Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Location applicable to agreements fully executed and performed therein.
This Agreement will be deemed entered into in Location and will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the internal substantive laws of the State of Location without reference to conflicts of law provisions.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Location, without giving effect to  principles of conflict of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, without giving effect to Location conflict laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with, the laws of the  Location of Location applicable to contracts executed in and to be performed in that Location. All actions arising out of or relating to this Agreement  shall be heard and determined exclusively in any Location state or federal court sitting in the Location of The City of Location.
This Locationgreement and the performance of<omitted>the parties under this Locationgreement shall be governed by and construed in      accordance with the laws of the Locationtate of Location, Location.Location.Location., except that      body of law concerning conflicts of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.
This Agreement and all acts and  transactions  hereunder shall in all respects be governed by and construed in  accordance  with the laws of the Location,  without regard to any of its conflicts of laws principles  which would result in the  application  of the  substantive  laws of





another jurisdiction.
This Agreement is to be governed and construed according to the laws of the State of Location without regard to conflicts of law.
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, but without giving effect to its laws or rules relating to conflicts of laws.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in             accordance with the laws of the State of Location, notwithstanding             the actual state or country of residence or incorporation of Excite             or Client.
Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof.
This Agreement shall be constructed under and  governed by the laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made in the     --------------     state of Location and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of     the state of Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement will be governed by and                   construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location
This Agreement will be governed by                           and construed in accordance with the laws of the                           State of Location, notwithstanding the actual state                           or country of residence or incorporation of Excite or                           Client.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of  Location, without regard to conflict of law principles.
This Agreement and performance hereunder shall be governed by the laws of the State of Location without regard to conflict of laws.
This Agreement shall be deemed to have been entered into in the State of Location, and shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of that State applicable to agreements made and to be performed in the State of Location.
This agreement will be construed in accordance with the laws of Location and the parties submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Party.
This Agreement shall be governed by and           construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Location, without           giving effect to choice of law rules.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws, other than choice of law rules, of the state of Location.
The validity, construction and interpretation of this Agreement and the rights and duties of the parties hereto shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of Location, excluding its principles of conflict of laws.
The validity, construction and interpretation of this Agreement and the rights and duties of the parties hereto shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of Location, excluding its principles of conflict of laws.
Any lawsuit relating to any matter arising under this Agreement may be initiated in a State or Party located in the Location of Location or in any court in the Location having jurisdiction over the matter.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, Location in force therein without regard to its conflict of law rules.
This Agreement and the performance of transactions under this Agreement       shall be governed by the substantive laws of the state of Location.
This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall       be construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of New       York.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Location, without regard to its choice of law rules.
This Agreement, and all matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement, shall be governed by the laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Location of Location and the federal laws of Location applicable therein, excluding its conflict-of-laws rules.
This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made and executed                   in the State of Location and any dispute arising thereunder                   shall be resolved in accordance with the laws of the State of                   Location, without reference to its rules governing conflicts                   of law.
This Agreement shall be subject to and governed by the laws of the          State of Location, Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location excluding its choice of law provisions.
The laws of the State of Location shall govern this      Agreement, without reference to conflicts of law provisions.
Pursuant to and in accordance with Locationection 5-1401 of the Location General Obligations Law, the Parties hereto agree that this Locationmendment in all respects, and any claim or cause of action based upon or arising out of this Locationmendment, or any dealing between the Parties relating to the subject matter of this Locationmendment or the transactions contemplated hereby or the Company/Repairer relationship being established, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Locationtate of Location, Location.Location.Location. as applied to contracts to be performed wholly within the Locationtate of Location (Exclusive of Locationection 7-101 of the Location General Obligations Law which is inapplicable to this Locationmendment).
Pursuant to and in accordance with Locationection 5-1401 of the Location General Obligations Law, the Parties hereto agree that this Locationgreement in all respects, and any claim or cause of action based upon or arising out of this Locationgreement, or any dealing between the Parties<omitted>relating to the subject matter of this Locationgreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or the Company/Repairer relationship being established, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Locationtate of Location, Location.Location.Location. as applied to contracts to be performed wholly within the Locationtate of Location (Exclusive of Locationection 7-101 of the Location General Obligations Law which is inapplicable to this Locationgreement).
This Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws, and not by the laws regarding conflicts of laws, of the State of Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Location of Location and the federal laws of Location applicable in the Location of Location.
This Agreement is made under and subject to the provision of the substantive laws of the State of Location, without giving effect to its conflict of law rules.
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement (including any dispute hereunder) and the documents to be entered into pursuant to it, save as expressly otherwise provided therein, will be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the Netherlands
This Agreement and any amendments thereto shall be construed according to the laws of the State of Location without regard to conflicts of law principles and any disputes hereunder shall be litigated in a state court in Location.
This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Location, Location, without regard to the conflict of law provisions thereof or the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods; provided, however, that any dispute relating to the scope, validity, enforceability or infringement of any Intellectual Property Right will be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the substantive laws of the jurisdiction in which such Intellectual Property Right applies.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Location.
This Manual is governed in all its parts by the applicable regulations of the Location.
This Agreement and the rights and duties of                   Transporter and Shipper hereunder shall be governed by and                   interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of                   Location, without recourse to the law governing conflict of                   laws.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the         laws of the Location.
This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, without recourse to any principles of law governing conflicts of law, which might otherwise be applicable.
Effective legislation of the Location shall apply to any      relations of the Parties arising out of this Contract.
LocationHE INLocationERPRELocationALocationION AND PERFORMANCE OF LocationHIS CONLocationRACLocation SHALL BE IN ACCORDANCE WILocationH AND CONLocationROLLED BY LocationHE LAWS OF LocationHE SLocationALocationE OF LocationEXAS, WILocationHOULocation REGARD LocationO LocationHE DOCLocationRINES GOVERNING CHOICE OF LAW.
Except as otherwise indicated, in all other respects, the right and obligations of the Parties under this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the ***.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the Location that are promulgated and are publicly available, provided that the general international business practices shall apply if the laws of the Location that are promulgated and are publicly available do not involve any matter in relation to this Agreement.
The execution, validation, interpretation, performance, modification and termination of this Agreement and the settlement of disputes under this Agreement shall be governed by the Laws of China.
This Agreement will be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, without regard to any choice of law provision.
This Agreement and the rights of the Parties hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Location including all matters of construction, validity, performance, and enforcement and without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws.
The Parties agree that the venue for any action, injunctive application or dispute determinable by a court of law arising  out of this Agreement and that this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the  laws of the State of Location, without giving effect to choice of law or arbitration provisions, and that the federal  and state courts therein shall have jurisdiction over the subject matter and the Parties.
This Agreement and its formation, operation and performance      shall be governed, construed, performed, and enforced in accordance with      the laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Location of Location and the federal laws of  Location applicable therein.
This Agreement is governed by English law and the parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in  relation to any dispute (contractual or non-contractual) concerning this Agreement save that either party may apply to any court for an  injunction or other relief to protect its Intellectual Property Rights.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, exclusive of conflicts of law principles, and will, to the maximum extent practicable, be deemed to call for performance in Location, Location.
The Joint Venturers declare that in entering into this      Agreement, they have contracted with reference to the laws of the      Location, and the construction and interpretation of      the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted and      construed under the laws of the Location, except in      such cases and to such extent as the laws of another jurisdiction shall      necessarily control.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of Location.
This Agreement is entered into in the Location of Location and shall be interpreted according to the laws of the Location of Location.
Except to the extent governed by the Federal Locationrbitration Locationct or other federal law, this Locationgreement and all claims arising from the relationship between Party (and/or any of its Locationffiliates) and Party (and/or any of its Locationffiliates) under this Locationgreement will be governed by the laws of the Locationtate of Location (Location.Location.Location.), without regard to its conflict of laws rules, except that any Location law or any other law regulating the offer or sale of franchises, business opportunities, or similar interests, or governing the relationship between a franchisor and a franchisee or any similar relationship, will not apply unless its jurisdictional requirements are met independently without reference to this Locationection 4.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED IN ALL RESPECTS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION VALIDITY, INTERPRETATION AND EFFECT, BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS EXECUTED AND TO BE PERFORMED WHOLLY WITHIN SUCH STATE WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CHOICE OF LAW PRINCIPLES OF SUCH STATE.
This Agreement shall be exclusively governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, Location without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.
The interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement, and the rights granted and obligations arising hereunder, shall be governed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of Location, without regard to its conflicts of law rules.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, without reference to the conflicts of laws principles thereunder.
By this Agreement the Participants enter into a general Joint Venture (the "Joint Venture") in accordance with the laws of Location.
This Agreement will be construed in accordance with           and governed by the laws of the State of Location, without regard to           principles of  conflicts of law.
This Agreement will be construed under and in accordance with, and governed in all respects by, the laws of the State of Location, without regard to its conflicts of law principles.
This  Agreement  shall be  governed  by and  construed  in      accordance  with the laws of the  Location  of  British  Columbia  (without      regard to its conflict of laws provisions)  which shall be deemed to be the      proper law thereof.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the substantive laws of the State of Location, without regard to any conflicts of law provisions thereof that would result in the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement shall be interpreted, construed and enforced in all respects in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, except with regards to its rules regarding choice of law.
The Master Franchise Agreement requires application of the laws of Location.
This Agreement shall be interpreted and construed under the laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Location.
This Second Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Location.
This Limited Power of Attorney shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the Location without reference to principles of conflicts of laws.
This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Location.
4.8 This Agreement will be governed exclusively by and construed in accordance  with the laws of the Location of Location, and the parties attorn to the exclusive  jurisdiction of the Party of Location.
This Agreement shall be construed, and the respective rights of the Parties determined, according to the substantive law of the State of Location notwithstanding the provisions governing conflict of laws under such Location law to the contrary, except matters of intellectual property law which shall be determined in accordance with the intellectual property laws relevant to the intellectual property in question.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Location, Location, without reference to its conflict of laws principles, and shall not be governed by the United Nations Convention of International Contracts on the Sale of Goods (the Vienna Convention).
The English text of this Agreement shall control any interpretation of its provisions, and this Agreement and the legal relations among the Parties and the Company shall in all respects be interpreted, construed and governed by and in accordance with the laws of Location.
The formation, validity, interpretation and implementation of this Contract, and any disputes arising under this Contract, shall be governed by the published laws of the Location.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF LocationENNSYLVANIA WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CHOICE OR CONFLICT OF LAW LocationROVISION OR RULE (WHETHER OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF LocationENNSYLVANIA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION).
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Location without regard to principles of conflict of laws.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, exclusive of conflict of laws principles.
This Letter of Authorization will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Location, excluding its conflict of laws provisions, and be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Location courts.
By this Agreement the Members enter into a joint venture (the "Venture") in accordance with the laws of the State of Location.
This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Location.
All disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be finally settled under the Rules of Arbitration of the Party by one or more arbitrators appointed in accordance with the said Rules. Any such arbitration shall (i) be subject to the application of the Italian Law, (ii) take place in Location, Location and (iii) be conducted in English.
his Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Location and the Location Party shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any legal proceedings in respect of this Agreement.
This Affiliate Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement shall be construed  in accordance with the laws of the Location.
This  Agreement  shall  be  construed  in accordance with the laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Location of Location applicable to agreements made and to be performed in said Location without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof.
This Agreement shall be interpreted under the                   laws of the State of Location.
THIS AGREEMENT IS TO BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF LocationORGIA (WITHOUT REGARD TO THOSE LAWS RELATING TO CHOICE OF LAW) APPLYING TO CONTRACTS ENTERED INTO AND TO BE PERFORMED WITHIN THE STATE OF LocationORGIA.
This Agreement and all related business transactions will be governed by the laws of the Location (without reference to principles of conflicts or choice of law which would cause the application of the internal laws of any other jurisdiction).
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location without regard to principles of conflicts of law.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement is deemed made and entered into in the Location of Location and shall be construed, enforced and performed in  accordance with the laws of the Location of Location, without reference, to choice of law.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Location, without giving effect to its principles of conflicts of laws, other than Section 5-1401 of the Location General Obligations Law.
Any disputes or claims arising under this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the State of Location, Location,.
This Agreement shall be governed by and be                --------- ----                                            construed in accordance with the laws of the Location of Location, Location.
The construction, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement and all transactions under it shall be governed by the laws of the State of Location, irrespective of its conflict of law principles.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location excluding that body of law pertaining to conflict of laws, except with respect to issues governed by the copyright laws of the Location.
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and the rights of the parties shall be governed by, the laws of the State of Location and the laws of the Location applicable therein.
This Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws Location of Location.
This Agreement is entered into in the Location of Location and shall be interpreted according to the laws of the Location of Location.
This Agreement is governed by the laws of Location, Location and the parties submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of Location,  Location
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, Location, without giving effect to any conflict of laws provisions.
The terms of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Location.
This Agreement shall be construed and its provisions interpreted under and in accordance with the internal  Laws of the State of Location, without giving effect to principles of conflict or choice of laws of that or any other  jurisdiction.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of Location applicable to agreements made and to be performed wholly within that State without regard to its conflicts of laws provisions.
This agreement will be governed by and must be construed in accordance with the laws of the Location
The laws of the province of Location, Location, govern this AGREEMENT and,  in respect of any dispute, which may arise hereunder; Agent consents to the jurisdiction of the federal and provincial  courts of Location, Location.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location applicable to contracts made and wholly performed within such state, except for matters directly within the purview of the Party, which shall be governed by the Party.
This Joinder Agreement and the rights of the parties hereto shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location applicable to contracts made and to be performed therein.
The construction, validity and performance of this Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement, and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder, shall be subject to, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement is governed by English law.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.
This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder will be governed by the laws of the State of Location without regard to the conflict of laws provisions of any jurisdiction.
This Agreement and any disputes, claims, or actions related thereto shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, Location, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions thereof.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance under the laws of the State of Location.
The execution, validity, construction, enforcement and the settlement of any disputes herefrom shall be governed by PRC Laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Location applicable to agreements made and to be performed within that state, without giving effect to any law or principals of law that would result in the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement and any dispute arising from the performance or breach hereof shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Location, without reference to conflicts of laws principles.
THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE GOVERNED IN ALL RESPECTS, INCLUDING VALIDITY, INTERPRETATION AND EFFECT, BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CHOICE OF LAW PRINCIPLES OF SUCH STATE.
This Agreement and its application and interpretation will be governed exclusively by its terms and the laws of the State of Location (Location), and excluding any conflicts of law provisions which would require the application of any law other than Location.
The execution, effect, interpretation and performance of this Agreement and resolution of any dispute arising from this Agreement will be governed by PRC Laws.
This Agreement shall be governed in all respects, including validity, interpretation, and effect, by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Location of Location executed and to be performed wholly within the Location of Location, without giving effect to the choice of law or conflict of law principles thereof or of any other jurisdiction to the extent that such principles would require or permit the application of the laws of another jurisdiction.
This Agreement and any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter, existence, negotiation, validity, termination, breach or enforceability (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Location and Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Location applicable to agreements made and to be performed within that state.
This AGREEMENT is controlled by the laws of the State of Location, and venue for any actions brought to enforce this AGREEMENT shall be brought exclusively in a court of competent jurisdiction in Location, Location.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED IN ALL RESPECTS, INCLUDING VALIDITY, INTERPRETATION AND EFFECT, BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CHOICE OF LAW PRINCIPLES OF SUCH STATE.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of Location, United States of  America, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with, and governed by, the





laws of the State of Location, without regard to the conflicts of law rules of such state.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Location, its rules of conflict of laws notwithstanding.
This Assignment shall be governed by the laws of the State of Location, its rules of conflict of laws notwithstanding.
This IP Agreement and the legal relations among the Parties will be governed by and construed in accordance with the rules and  substantive Laws of the State of Location, Location, without regard to conflicts of law provisions.
This Agreement and all disputes or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of Location, without regard to the laws of any other jurisdiction that might be applied because of the conflicts of laws principles of the State of Location.
The validity, implementation and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Party.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the substantive internal laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the Location of Location, without regard to any conflict or choice-of-law provision or rule (whether of the Location of Location or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the Location of Location.
This Intellectual Property Agreement shall be construed and interpreted according to the laws of the State of Location, applicable contracts to be wholly performed within the State of Location.
The Laws of the State of Location (without reference to its principles of conflicts of law) shall govern the construction, interpretation and other matters arising out of or in connection with this IP Agreement and its schedules (whether arising in contract, tort, equity or otherwise).
Location
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Location excluding the United Nations Convention on Contracts of International Sale of Goods (CISG) and the provisions of German private  international law.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by, construed in accordance with the laws of Location, Location.
This Agreement will be governed by the laws of Location, without reference to conflicts of laws.
This Locationgreement will be governed by and interpreted in      accordance with the local laws of the Locationtate of Location, Party.Location.Location., without      regard to its conflicts of law provisions and not including the provisions      of the 1980 Party.Party. Convention in Contracts for the International Locationale of      Goods.
This Locationgreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Locationtate of Location, Location.Location.Location. without regard to its conflict of taws provision.
This Agreement is deemed to have been entered into  in the Location          of Location,  and its  interpretation,  construction,  and the remedies          for its  enforcement  or breach  are to be applied  pursuant  to and in          accordance with the laws of the Location of Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, Location without regard to conflict of  laws principles.
This Agreement is to be construed according to the laws          of the State of Location.
The validity, construction, and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Location.
This agreement shall be governed by and subject to the internal laws (exclusive of the conflicts of law provisions) and decisions of the courts of the Location
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under and in accordance with the laws of the State of Location without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.
This Agreement shall be interpreted and      governed by the laws of the State of Location. Party agrees to submit to the      jurisdiction of the State of Location, Location, Location.
This Agreement, its interpretation and construction, and the remedies for its enforcement or breach are to be applied in accordance with the laws of the State of Location.
The validity, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Location, not including any of its conflicts of law rules that would direct or refer to the laws of another jurisdiction.
This contract shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, excluding any binding conflict of laws rule which might refer such construction to the laws of another state.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed according to the laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by and       construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location without       regard to conflict of law principles.
This Agreement has been made in the Location of Location and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws thereof without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.
This Agreement was negotiated and is being contracted<omitted>for in Location, and shall be governed by the laws of the State of           Location, and the Location, notwithstanding any           conflict-of-law provision to the contrary.
Except to the extent preempted by Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), all rights hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Location of Location without regard to its rules governing conflicts of laws, or the rules of any other jurisdiction which would cause the laws of any





jurisdiction other than the Location of Location to apply.
This agreement shall be governed by, and its provisions enforced in accordance with, the laws of the Location of Location, without regard to its principals of conflicts of laws.
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in            accordance with, and governed by the laws of the State of Location           without regard to conflicts of laws principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Location applicable to contracts entered into and wholly to be performed within the Location and, in the event of any litigation arising out of this Agreement, venue shall be the Location.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed according to the law of Location.
This Agreement and all questions regarding its validity or interpretation, or the breach or performance of this Agreement, shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Location, Location, without reference to conflict of law principles.
This Locationgreement is subject to and governed by the laws of the Locationtate of Location, Location.Location.Location. (without regard to conflict of law principles).
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN SUCH STATE, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES OF SUCH STATE OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL





OBLIGATIONS LAW.
This Agreement and all matters pertaining hereto shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of Location, except to the extent that the conflict of law rules of said state would require that the laws of another state would govern its validity, construction, or interpretation.
This Agreement takes effect upon its acceptance and execution by Party in the State of Location, and shall be interpreted and construed under the laws of the State of Location.
The Parties agree that, except to the extent governed by the Locationnited Locationtates Trademark Act of 1946 (Lanham Act; 15 Location.Location.C.  lj 1050 et seq.), as amended, this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the Locationtate of Location without recourse to Location choice of law or conflicts of law principles.
This Locationgreement shall become valid when executed  and  accepted  by Party in  Location,  Location;  it shall be  governed  and construed under and in accordance with the laws of the Locationtate of Location; Location.Location.Location.; provided,  however,  that since the Franchisee is a corporation formed under the laws of the  Republic  of  Poland  which is not doing  business  in the Locationtate of Location, the Location Franchise Locationct, Location Locationtatutes Locationection 817.416(1971) shall not apply to this Locationgreement.
The Franchise Agreement requires application of the laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement will be interpreted and construed exclusively under the laws of the State of Location, which laws will prevail in the event of any conflict of law (without regard to, and without giving effect to, the application of Location choice-of-law rules); provided, however, that if the covenants in Section 19 of this Agreement would not be enforced as written under

Page 55 of 80





Location law, then the parties agree that those covenants will instead be interpreted and construed under the laws of the state in which the Franchised Business is located.
Except to the extent governed by the Locationnited Locationtates Trademark Act of 1946 (Lanham Act, 15 Location.Location.C.  1051  et seq.) and except that all issues relating to arbitrability or the enforcement or interpretation of the agreement to arbitrate set forth in Locationection 17.9 which will be governed by the Locationnited Locationtates Arbitration Act (9 Location.Location.C.  1  et seq.) and the federal common law relating to arbitration, this Agreement and the Franchise will be governed by the internal laws of the Locationtate of Location (without reference to its choice of law and conflict of law rules), except that the provisions of any Location law relating to the offer and sale of business opportunities or franchises or governing the relationship of a franchisor and its franchisees will not apply unless their jurisdictional requirements are met independently without reference to this Paragraph.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Location applicable to contracts made and to be performed exclusively in that State without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws.
This Agreement will be governed by the substantive laws of the State of Location, without regard for its conflict of laws provisions.
This Agreement will be governed and interpreted according to the laws           of the State of Location, without reference to principles of           conflicts of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Location (without respect to principles of conflicts of law).
All questions regarding the validity, interpretation, performance and enforcement of the provisions of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by         the laws of the State of Location, Location, excluding conflict of laws         provisions and excluding the 1980 United Nations Convention on Contracts         for the International Sale of Goods.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in                       accordance with the laws of the State of Location without                       reference to its conflict or choice of law rules or                       principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by          the laws of the State of Location, Location, excluding conflict of laws          provisions and excluding the 1980 United Nations Convention on          Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
This Agreement shall be construed, enforced, performed and in all respects governed by and in accordance with the laws in the Location of Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of Location, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Notwithstanding its place of execution or performance, this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, irrespective of its laws regarding choice or conflict of laws.
This Amendment and and any dispute or claim (including non-contractual disputes or claims) arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of Location without regard to choice of laws principles.
This Agreement will be construed and interpreted and its performance governed by the laws of the State of Location, without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles.
This Locationgreement shall be governed by the law of Location, Location.Location.Location. and the arbitrators shall apply Location law to the merits of any dispute or claim, without reference to conflict of law principles.
This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Location without giving effect to principles of conflict of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule whether such provision or rule is that of the State of Location or any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement shad be deemed a contract made under and shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws ofthe State ofLocation  and that actions arising out ofthis Agreement may be litigated in courts having situs in Location, Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, without regard to choice of  law principles that would require the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the        laws of Location, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of        laws.
Locationccordingly, the parties agree that  the validity, interpretation and legal effect of this Locationgreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the Locationtate of Location, Location.Location.Location., applicable to  contracts entered in and performed entirely within the Locationtate of Location, Location.Location.Location. without regard to any conflict of law principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Location and the laws of Location applicable in Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in all respects in accordance with the law of Location and Location and both parties  submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Location, without<omitted>giving effect to the conflicts of laws principles thereof.
The  construction,  interpretation  and  performance  of this Agreement          shall be governed by the laws of Location,  except for its conflicts          of law principles.
THE VALIDITY, CONSTRUCTION AND ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF Location, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance within the laws of the State of Location without reference to conflicts of laws provisions.
This AGREEMENT shall be governed by and construed under the   Laws of the Location of Location Africa.
This Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with the                   laws of the State of Location.
THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE CONSTRUED ACCORDING TO AND GOVERNED BY THE SUBSTANTIVE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, EXCLUDING ITS CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES TO THE EXTENT SUCH PRINCIPLES WOULD LEAD TO THE APPLICATION OF A SUBSTANTIVE LAW OTHER THAN THE LAW OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Location, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, without regard to choice of law principles that would require the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement and performance under this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Location and of the Location as applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within Location between Location residents, excluding its conflicts of law provisions.
This OMA, and all claims or causes of action (whether in contract or tort) that may be based upon, arise out of or relate to this OMA or the negotiation, execution or performance of this OMA (including any claim or cause of action based upon, arising out of or related to any representation or warranty made in or in connection with this OMA), will be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of Location without regard to principles of conflicts of laws that would result in the application of the law of any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Location, Location and disputes, if not resolved by the Parties, will be settled by binding arbitration in and under the rules of arbitration in Location, Location.
The validity, interpretation and performance of this Agreement and any dispute connected with this Agreement will be governed by and determined in accordance with the statutory, regulatory and decisional law of the State of Location (exclusive of such state's choice of laws or conflicts of laws rules) and, to the extent applicable, the federal statutory, regulatory and decisional law of the Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Swiss law.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, Location, without reference to conflict-of-laws principles.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the Location of Location, except Section 25 below, which shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the Location,<omitted>in each case without regard to conflict of laws principles that would require the application of the laws of another jurisdiction.
THIS REMARKETING AGREEMENT AND THE PRICING AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF Location, WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH PRINCIPLES WOULD REQUIRE OR PERMIT THE APPLICATION OF LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION.
This Agreement and the relationship between the Parties shall be governed by, and interpreted in accordance with New  York law without regard to provisions related to conflicts of laws, and, except as provided in Section 21.2 above, the Parties agree to submit  any dispute to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts sitting in Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Location.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, excluding  the choice of law rules, and the parties hereby agree to submit to the jurisdiction and venue of the State and Party courts  of the State of Location, and agree that the State and Party courts of the State of Location shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of all disputes related to or arising out of this Agreement.
The Parties agree that this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location without regard to conflicts of law provisions thereof or any other applicable law and that exclusive venue shall be in the federal or state courts located in Location, Location.
This Agreement and its interpretation shall be governed by the laws of the Location and, to the extent not inconsistent therewith, by the laws of the Location without regard to conflicts of laws rules.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Location and the laws of Location.
This Agreement shall be            ------------------------------------- governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State  of Location.
This Agreement will be governed by and                   construed in accordance with the laws of the State of                   Location, notwithstanding the actual state or country of                   residence or incorporation of Party.
This Agreement  will be governed by the law of British  Columbia and the parties attorn to the  non-exclusive  jurisdiction of the courts of Location for the resolution of all disputes arising in connection with this Agreement.
This  Agreement is governed by, and will be construed in  accordance  with,  the laws of Location, Location.
This Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced according to the laws of the State of Location without regard to principles of conflict of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location without reference to conflict of law principles thereof.
This Agreement is to be governed and construed according to the laws of the State of Location without regard to conflicts of law.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of Location, excluding conflict of laws provisions and excluding the 1980 United Party Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the province of Location, Location, without regard to its conflict of laws principles.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND                 LocationNSTRUED IN ACLocationRDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF LocationLORADO,                 Party STATES, WITHOUT REGARD TO ITS PRINCIPLES REGARDING                 LocationNFLICT OF LAWS.
This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Location without regard to its conflicts of law principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Location, without reference to any principles of conflicts of law thereof.
This Agreement is to be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location, Location, notwithstanding any conflict of law provisions to the contrary.
The laws of the Location shall apply to the Agreement and any legal relations thereof, especially any purchase order, between Party and Party shall be governed by that law.
This Supply Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Location, without regard to any conflict of laws rules to the contrary.
This Agreement, and all claims arising under or in connection therewith, shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of Location, without regard to conflict of law principles thereof.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with             the laws of Location and Location.
The parties hereby agree that this Agreement shall be construed in             accordance with English law.
This Development Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Location,  Location, disregarding its conflicts of law rules.
This Agreement, including its attachment and order acknowledgments under the Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement between Partystributor and Party with respect to the purchase, resale and distribution of the Products and is governed by the laws of the State of Location except that body of law dealing with conflicts of law.
This Amendment shall be governed by and construed under the law governing the Distributor Agreement.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE SIATE OF PartyAS.
The validity, interpretation,          construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed in          accordance with the laws of the State of Location without giving          effect to the principles of conflicts of laws of such state.
This Agreement is governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Location without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles.
This Agreement is accepted by Company in the State of Nevada and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws thereof, which laws shall prevail in the event of any conflict.
This Agreement is subject to all laws, regulations, license conditions and decisions of the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission ("CRTC") municipal, provincial and federal governments or other authorities which are applicable to Rogers and/or Licensor, and which are now in force or hereafter adopted ("Applicable Law").
This Agreement shall be governed by laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein.
All questions with respect to the construction of this Agreement, and the rights and liabilities of the Parties hereto, shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Nevada without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in all respects in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any conflicts of laws principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles thereof.
This Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California as applied to agreements made, entered into and performed entirely in California by California residents, notwithstanding the actual residence of the parties, without giving effect to any choice of laws of California that would require the application of the laws of a state other than California.
This Agreement has been entered into in the State of Tennessee, and the validity, interpretation and legal effect of this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Tennessee applicable to contracts entered into and performed entirely within the State of Tennessee.
This Agreement has been executed and delivered in Los Angeles County in the State of California, and its interpretation, validity and performance shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales, without regard to conflict of laws principles.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of New York State (without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof).
This Agreement shall be governed, interpreted and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the Delaware, in the country of the United State of America, without regard to its conflict of laws principles.
The validity and interpretation of this Agreement and the legal relations of the Parties to it will be governed by the laws of the State of New York without recourse to its conflicts of law rules.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and any dispute arising hereunder shall be determined in accordance with, the laws of State of New York (without giving effect to conflict of laws principles) including all matters of construction, validity and performance.
This agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Ohio law.
This Agreement is a contract under the laws of the State of Florida and for all purposes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of Florida, without regard to its principles of conflicts of laws provisions.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed pursuant to the laws of the State of Indiana, U.S.A., without reference to principals of conflicts of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the United States and the State of Florida, except for conflict of laws provisions.
THIS AGREEMENT, AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE SUBSTANTIVE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS, U.S.A. WITHOUT REGARD TO ITS PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS.
Regardless of the place of execution hereof, this Agreement, all amendments hereto, and any and all issues or controversies arising here from or related hereto, shall be governed by and construed exclusively in accordance with the laws and decisions of the State of Michigan.
This Agreement, all amendments hereto, and any and all issues or controversies arising here from or related hereto, shall be governed by and construed exclusively in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
The parties hereto have expressly agreed that this Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, applicable to contracts executed and fully to be performed therein, to the exclusion of any other applicable body of governing law.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in all respects exclusively in accordance with the laws of the Netherlands.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without giving effect to conflict or choice of law principles.
This Agreement will be governed by the substantive laws of the State of New York, without regard for its conflict of laws provisions.
Any disputes relating to, arising out of or resulting from this Agreement, including to its execution, performance, or enforcement, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of the Laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of Laws thereof.
Any disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement, including to its execution, performance or enforcement, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of New York, regardless of the Laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of Laws thereof.
This IP Agreement will be construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the state of New York and of the United States of America.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Iowa.
This Agreement will be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Ohio (without regard to conflicts of law provisions), as such laws are applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within the State of Ohio between Ohio residents.
This Agreement and all disputes arising out of or related to this Agreement or any breach hereof shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law principles that would result in the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement shall be construed, and legal relations between the parties hereto shall be determined, in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland applicable to contracts solely executed and wholly to be performed within the State of Maryland without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of laws.
The laws of the State of New York (excluding any laws that direct the application of another jurisdiction's law) govern all matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement and all of the transactions it contemplates, including its validity, interpretation, construction, performance, and enforcement.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES (OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW).
This Agreement and any matters arising out of or related to this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Nevada.
The construction, interpretation and performance of this Agreement and all transactions under it shall be governed by the law of the State of Israel, without giving effect to choice of law rules, and both Parties consent to jurisdiction by the courts of the City of Haifa.
The laws of the State of New York (without giving effect to its conflicts of law principles) govern all matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement and all of the transactions it contemplates, including without limitation, its validity, interpretation, construction, performance, and enforcement.
This Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced exclusively under the laws of the State of Israel, without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof.
This Agreement and all Actions (whether in contract or tort) that may be based upon, arise out of or relate to this Agreement or the negotiation, execution or performance hereof or thereof shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Law of the State of Delaware, without regard to any Laws or principles thereof that would result in the application of the Laws of any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement and the application and interpretation hereof shall be governed exclusively by the laws of the State of Colorado.
This Agreement will be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Indiana without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel, and the courts of Tel-Aviv, Israel
This Agreement shall be governed, interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Alabama, without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of Spain.
Should either Party herein initiate a legal proceeding for revoking any arbitration result regarding the Contract, both Parties herein agree to take the Miaoli District Court of Taiwan as the competent court of first instance pursuant to the laws of the R.O.C..
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive Laws of the [* * *], excluding any rules of conflicts of laws that would apply the substantive laws of any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of law principles thereof.
This Agreement and any and all matters arising directly or indirectly herefrom shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the [***] applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely in such state, including its statutes of limitation but without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without giving effect to choice of law doctrine.
This Agreement and all disputes arising out of or related to this Agreement or any breach hereof are governed by and construed under the Laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law principles that would require the application of the Laws of a different state.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia without regard to the conflicts of law provisions thereof.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York and all disputes and controversies arising out of or in connection with the Agreement shall be brought exclusively before the competent courts in New York County, New York; provided however that judgment shall be enforceable in any country and that nothing in this Section shall prevent or restrict either Party from seeking interim relief in any competent jurisdiction as it may deem fit.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws in force in the Province of Ontario (excluding any conflict of laws rule or principle which might refer such construction to the laws of another jurisdiction).
The laws of California shall govern the construction and enforceability of the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio, without reference to principles of conflicts of law.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Kansas.
This Agreement shall be governed in all respects, including as to validity, interpretation and effect, by the Laws of the State of Illinois, without giving effect to its principles or rules of conflict of laws, to the extent such principles or rules are not mandatorily applicable by statute and would permit or require the application of the Laws of another jurisdiction.
THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES HERETO, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, BUT WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY OTHERWISE APPLICABLE CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES).
Without reference to choice or conflict of law principles, this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, USA.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, without regard to its conflict-of-laws or choice-of law principles.
This agreement shall be governed by the Laws of England (English common and statutory Law).
This Agreement is subject to and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia with jurisdiction and venue in federal and Virginia courts in Alexandria and Arlington, Virginia.
It will be governed by the law of the People's Republic of China ,otherwise it is governed by United Nations Convention on Contract for the International Sale of Goods.
This Agreement and all claims or causes of action arising out of or related to this Agreement shall be governed in all respects, including as to validity, interpretation and effect, by the laws of the State of Illinois and the United States of America, without giving effect to its principles or rules of conflict of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the law set forth in the ExxonMobil Selling Affiliate's general terms and conditions, as applicable.
The parties' rights and obligations hereunder shall be construed and enforced under the laws of the State of Texas, U.S.A., without regard to conflict of laws principles. Incoterms 2010 (or any subsequent revision thereof) ("Incoterms") shall also apply; provided, however, that Incoterms shall apply only to the extent specified in the agreement hereof, and provided, further, that in the event of a conflict between Incoterms and the laws of the State of Texas, U.S.A., the latter shall govern.
This Agreement shall be governed by Singapore law, without regard to its conflict of laws principles.
This Agreement between EM and Buyer shall be governed by the laws of Belgium (excluding its rules on conflict of laws).
The provisions of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California (excluding any conflict of law rule or principle that would refer to the laws of another jurisdiction).
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its conflicts of law principles.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law rules.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.
This Agreement is entered into in the State of Texas and shall be governed, interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof.
Any controversy between the parties arising under this Agreement and not resolved by the parties shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Michigan.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Texas without giving effect to the conflict of law rules thereof.
This Agreement will be interpreted, construed and enforced in accordance with the Laws of the State of Washington, without reference to its choice of Laws rules.
This Agreement will be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without giving effect to conflict of laws principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of California without reference to its choice of law rules.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario and the Parties agree to abide by the jurisdiction of the Courts of Ontario.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.
This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the state where a suit is properly filed under the terms of this paragraph, being either Illinois or New York, and without giving effect to conflict of law principles.
The Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, notwithstanding the actual state or country of residence or incorporation of Application Provider.
The validity, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.
This Agreement and any action<omitted>related thereto shall be governed, controlled, interpreted and defined by and under the laws of the State of California and the United States, without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of New York, applicable to contracts executed in and to be performed entirely within that<omitted>state.
This Agreement will be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to conflict of laws principles. Both parties submit to personal jurisdiction in New York and further agree that any cause of action arising under this Agreement shall be brought in a court in New York City, NY.
This Agreement and all acts and transactions pursuant ------------- hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law.
This Agreement will be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Delaware, including its conflict with law provisions.
This Agreement shall be binding on the Parties as of the date hereof and is to be construed in accordance with and governed by the internal laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to any choice of law rule that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the internal laws of the State of Delaware to the rights and duties of the Parties.
This Agreement shall be construed and governed in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland regardless of the place or places of its physical execution and performance.
Even in case of agreements with foreign (non-German) Software Publishers and Affiliates, the law of the Federal Republic of Germany applies.
This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Virginia.
The obligations of Affiliate and Network under this Agreement are subject to all applicable federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations, and this Agreement and all matters or issues collateral thereto shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts to be entirely performed therein.
All disputes or claims by Payment Data Systems hereunder shall be resolved by arbitration in McLean, Virginia, pursuant to the rules of the American Arbitration Association.
All disputes or claims by NETWORK 1 hereunder shall be resolved by arbitration in San Antonio, Texas, pursuant to the rules of the American Arbitration Association.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and its provisions enforced in accordance with, the laws of California without regard to its principles of conflicts of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales, and all actions brought hereunder whether at law or in equity shall be brought in England.
This Agreement will be construed and governed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, without regard to conflict of laws principles.
The Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of Florida in the United States of America, and venue for any such legal action shall be in the Circuit Court or County Court in Orlando, FL or the U.S. District Court having jurisdiction over Orlando, FL.
Regardless of the place of execution hereof, this Agreement, all amendments hereto, and any and all issues or controversies arising here from or related hereto, shall be governed by and construed exclusively in accordance with the laws and decisions of the State of Georgia.
This Agreement sets forth the entire Agreement of the parties hereto, and any and all prior agreements, to the extent inconsistent herewith, are hereby superseded. This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Pennsylvania.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts formed and to be performed entirely within the State of New York, without regard to conflict of laws principles, and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Investment Fund Act.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of California applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely within such state, without regard to the conflicts of law principles of such state; provided that any matters relating to the construction or effect of any Patent will be governed by the patent laws of the relevant jurisdiction in which such Patent is granted.
This Agreement will be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of Florida.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of [***], without regard to the conflicts of law principles thereof, and [***].
This Agreement, after review by Developer and El Pollo Loco, was accepted in the state in which Franchisor's then-current headquarters (currently the State of California) is located and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of such state, except that the provisions in Section 20.1 covering competition following the expiration, termination or assignment of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state in which the breach occurs.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Arizona without regard to conflict of law principles, may not be amended except by a writing signed by both parties, and shall supersede any and all prior discussions and writings between the parties concerning the subject matter.
This Agreement or the performance, enforcement, breach or termination hereof shall be interpreted, governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, United States, excluding any conflicts or choice of law rule or principle that might otherwise refer construction or interpretation of this Agreement to the substantive law of another jurisdiction; provided that all questions concerning (a) inventorship of Patents under this Agreement shall be determined in accordance with Section 7.1.3 and (b) the construction or effect of Patents shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the country or other jurisdiction in which the particular Patent has been filed or granted, as the case may be.
This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof.
This Agreement shall be governed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to conflict of laws principles.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to its provisions concerning the applicability of the laws of other jurisdictions, and specifically excluding the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods.
This Agreement, the legal relations between the parties, and any action, whether contractual or non-contractual, instituted by any party with respect to matters arising under or growing out of or in connection with or in respect of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Arizona (U.S.A.), excluding any choice of law rules that may direct the application of the laws of another jurisdiction, and except that questions affecting the construction and effect of any Patent shall be determined by the law of the country in which the Patent has been granted.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the Netherlands, excluding its rules of conflicts of law and the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods dated 11 April 1980 (CISG), as amended from time to time.
The construction and validity of this Agreement and the provisions hereof, and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder, will be governed by the internal laws of the State of Delaware, USA, and, to the extent applicable to Patents and Trademarks, the applicable federal laws of the USA, in each instance without regard to conflict of laws principles.
This Letter shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without reference to any rules of conflict of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without reference to any rules of conflict of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without reference to its conflicts of laws principles.
This agreement shall be construed, interpreted and governed by and in accordance with the laws of Hong Kong.
This Agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the People's Republic of China (without regard to its conflicts of laws rules that would mandate the application of the laws of another jurisdiction).
This Termination Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the PRC, without regard to conflicts of law principles.
This Agreement will for all purposes be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California without giving effect to any conflict of laws principles that require the application of the laws of a different state.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States of America.
This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Florida without regard to conflicts of law provisions.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in all respects in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any conflicts of laws principles.
The merits of the dispute shall be resolved in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without reference to its choice of law rules.
This Agreement is to be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of California applicable to contracts made and to be performed wholly within such State, and without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof.
The execution, validity, interpretation, enforcement and dispute resolution of this Agreement shall be governed by the PRC Law.
This Agreement, the rights and obligations of the parties hereto, and any claims or disputes thereto, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without reference to conflict of law principles. Venue for any proceedings not subject to arbitration under this Agreement shall be in the state and federal courts located in New York, New York.
This Agreement is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of Hong Kong
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without application of conflict of laws principles.
The terms of the Governing Law and Dispute Resolution provisions of the Distribution Agreement will apply to this Addendum.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Texas without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.
This Distributor Agreement shall be exclusively governed, construed, enforced and controlled by the laws of the United States of America and of the State of Texas.
This Agreement, which is in English, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof.
This Agreement and all questions regarding its existence, validity, interpretation, breach or performance and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it (whether contractual or non-contractual in nature such as claims in tort, from breach of statute or regulation or otherwise) shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, United States, without reference to its conflicts of law principles to the extent those principles would require applying another jurisdiction's laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, its rules of conflict of laws notwithstanding.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California applicable to agreements executed and to be wholly performed therein.
This Agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the People's Republic of China (without regard to its conflicts of laws rules that would mandate the application of the laws of another jurisdiction).
This Termination Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the PRC, without regard to conflicts of law principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its principles of conflicts of law.
This Agreement and the relationship between the parties is governed by and will be construed exclusively in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida (without regard to, and without applying, Florida conflict-of-law rules).
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Illinois without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles.
The validity, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement shall be controlled by and construed under the laws of the State of New York, United States of America, as if performed wholly within the state and without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law, and the state and federal courts of California shall have jurisdiction over any claim arising under this Agreement.
The Warranty and the Software License shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without reference to principles of conflict of laws.
This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Washington without regards for its conflict of laws principle.
All matters relating to this Agreement, the rights of the Parties hereunder and the construction of the terms hereof shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to conflicts of laws principles.
This Warrant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to its principles regarding conflicts of law.
This Agreement will be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without reference to its conflicts of laws principles or the conflicts of laws principles of any other jurisdiction, and each of the parties hereto expressly attorns to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas, without reference to its conflicts of law principles.
This Consulting Agreement shall be governed by, and construed pursuant to the laws of the State of New York, applicable to agreements made and performed wholly within such State.
This Agreement and the legal relations among the Parties hereto shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, without regard to its conflict of law doctrine.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed inaccordance with the laws of British Columbia and the federal laws of Canada applicable in British Columbia, and the parties irrevocably submit to and accept generally and unconditionally the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts and appellate courts of British Columbia in that regard.
This Agreement shall be interpreted, construed, governed, and enforced according to the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions of any jurisdiction.
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to the conflict of law principles of California or any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule that would cause the application of laws of any other jurisdiction.
Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the parties, the Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of British Columbia and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein, and the parties hereto submit and attorn to the jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of British Columbia.
Except to the extent governed by the U.S. Trademark Act of 1946 (Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. "1051 et seq.), this Agreement, the other agreements referred herein, and the offer and the sale of the franchise shall be governed in all respects and aspects by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and expressly excluding the laws pertaining to the choice of law and conflict of laws.
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to the conflict of law principles of California or any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement was entered into in the State of Florida, and its validity, construction, interpretation, and legal effect shall be governed by the laws and judicial decisions of the State of Florida applicable to contracts entered into and performed entirely within the State of Florida.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California exclusive of its conflict of laws principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely within such State, without regard to the conflicts of law principles of such State.
RATHER THESE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS, OTHER THAN CHOICE OF LAW RULES, OF THE STATE OF GEORGIA.
THIS AGREEMENT TAKES EFFECT UPON ITS ACCEPTANCE AND EXECUTION BY US, AND SHALL BE INTERPRETED AND CONSTRUED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE IN WHICH THE FRANCHISED RESTAURANT IS LOCATED, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT GOVERNED BY THE UNITED STATES TRADEMARK ACT OF 1946 (LANHAM ACT, 15, U.S.C. SECTIONS 1051 ET SEQ).
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without reference to any conflict of laws provisions thereof, except where governed by the Bankruptcy Code.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to principles of conflicts of law.
The laws of the State of California shall govern all issues arising under or relating to this Agreement, without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles thereof.
The parties to this Agreement hereby agree that the law of the State of New York shall govern their rights and duties in whole without regard to the conflict of law provisions thereof (other than New York General Obligations Law Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402).
This Agreement and any claim, controversy or dispute arising out of or related to this Agreement, any of the transactions contemplated hereby and/or the interpretation and enforcement of the rights and duties of the Parties, whether arising in contract, tort, equity or otherwise, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the domestic laws of the State of Israel (including in respect of the statute of limitations or other limitations period applicable to any such claim, controversy or dispute), without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Israel or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Israel.
This Agreement will be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware and is assignable only upon the written consent by all the parties hereto
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS (OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW), AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.
This Agreement shall be governed by, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflicts of law.
This Agreement is governed by the laws of England and Wales.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Connecticut, U.S.A. without regard to conflict of law principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Arizona, without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof.
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Massachusetts.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Ohio.
This Agreement shall be subject to and governed by the laws of the State of Colorado, excluding any conflicts-of-law rule or principle that might refer the construction or interpretation of this Agreement to the laws of another state.
This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with English law, save where provided otherwise herein.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and the parties to this Agreement submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales in relation to any claim, dispute or matter arising out of or relating to this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be construed and the provisions hereof interpreted under and in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
This Agreement (and any question about its subsistence, effect or termination) is to be interpreted in accordance with the laws of India, save for that body of law which governs the conflict of laws.
This Agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England.
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced and interpreted in accordance with and governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without reference to principles of conflicts of law.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas and venue for any legal action brought in State Court shall lie exclusively in Tarrant County, Texas and venue for any action brought in federal court shall lie exclusively in the Northern District of Texas, Fort Worth Division.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Arizona applicable to agreements fully executed and performed therein.
This Agreement will be deemed entered into in Arizona and will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the internal substantive laws of the State of Arizona without reference to conflicts of law provisions.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Texas, without giving effect to principles of conflict of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to New York conflict laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts executed in and to be performed in that State. All actions arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be heard and determined exclusively in any New York state or federal court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan of The City of New York.
This Agreement and the performance of<omitted>the parties under this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, U.S.A., except that body of law concerning conflicts of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.
This Agreement and all acts and transactions hereunder shall in all respects be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without regard to any of its conflicts of laws principles which would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction.
This Agreement is to be governed and construed according to the laws of the State of New York without regard to conflicts of law.
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, but without giving effect to its laws or rules relating to conflicts of laws.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, notwithstanding the actual state or country of residence or incorporation of Excite or Client.
Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof.
This Agreement shall be constructed under and governed by the laws of the State of Tennessee.
This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made in the -------------- state of Washington and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Washington.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, notwithstanding the actual state or country of residence or incorporation of Excite or Client.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Minnesota, without regard to conflict of law principles.
This Agreement and performance hereunder shall be governed by the laws of the State of Oklahoma without regard to conflict of laws.
This Agreement shall be deemed to have been entered into in the State of New Jersey, and shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of that State applicable to agreements made and to be performed in the State of New Jersey.
This agreement will be construed in accordance with the laws of Papua New Guinea and the parties submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the National Court of Papua New Guinea.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Israel, without giving effect to choice of law rules.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws, other than choice of law rules, of the state of Florida.
The validity, construction and interpretation of this Agreement and the rights and duties of the parties hereto shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of Wisconsin, excluding its principles of conflict of laws.
The validity, construction and interpretation of this Agreement and the rights and duties of the parties hereto shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of New York, excluding its principles of conflict of laws.
Any lawsuit relating to any matter arising under this Agreement may be initiated in a State or Federal Court located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts or in any court in the Netherlands having jurisdiction over the matter.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada, USA in force therein without regard to its conflict of law rules.
This Agreement and the performance of transactions under this Agreement shall be governed by the substantive laws of the state of New York.
This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of New York.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Maryland, without regard to its choice of law rules.
This Agreement, and all matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement, shall be governed by the laws of the State of California.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of British Columbia and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein, excluding its conflict-of-laws rules.
This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made and executed in the State of Missouri and any dispute arising thereunder shall be resolved in accordance with the laws of the State of Missouri, without reference to its rules governing conflicts of law.
This Agreement shall be subject to and governed by the laws of the State of Missouri, USA.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Colorado excluding its choice of law provisions.
The laws of the State of Florida shall govern this Agreement, without reference to conflicts of law provisions.
Pursuant to and in accordance with Section 5-1401 of the New York General Obligations Law, the Parties hereto agree that this Amendment in all respects, and any claim or cause of action based upon or arising out of this Amendment, or any dealing between the Parties relating to the subject matter of this Amendment or the transactions contemplated hereby or the Company/Repairer relationship being established, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, U.S.A. as applied to contracts to be performed wholly within the State of New York (Exclusive of Section 7-101 of the New York General Obligations Law which is inapplicable to this Amendment).
Pursuant to and in accordance with Section 5-1401 of the New York General Obligations Law, the Parties hereto agree that this Agreement in all respects, and any claim or cause of action based upon or arising out of this Agreement, or any dealing between the Parties<omitted>relating to the subject matter of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or the Company/Repairer relationship being established, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, U.S.A. as applied to contracts to be performed wholly within the State of New York (Exclusive of Section 7-101 of the New York General Obligations Law which is inapplicable to this Agreement).
This Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws, and not by the laws regarding conflicts of laws, of the State of North Carolina.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable in the Province of Ontario.
This Agreement is made under and subject to the provision of the substantive laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to its conflict of law rules.
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey.
This Agreement (including any dispute hereunder) and the documents to be entered into pursuant to it, save as expressly otherwise provided therein, will be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the Netherlands
This Agreement and any amendments thereto shall be construed according to the laws of the State of Colorado without regard to conflicts of law principles and any disputes hereunder shall be litigated in a state court in Colorado.
This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, USA, without regard to the conflict of law provisions thereof or the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods; provided, however, that any dispute relating to the scope, validity, enforceability or infringement of any Intellectual Property Right will be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the substantive laws of the jurisdiction in which such Intellectual Property Right applies.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware.
This Manual is governed in all its parts by the applicable regulations of the Republic of Colombia.
This Agreement and the rights and duties of Transporter and Shipper hereunder shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Arkansas, without recourse to the law governing conflict of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario.
This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio, without recourse to any principles of law governing conflicts of law, which might otherwise be applicable.
Effective legislation of the Republic of Kazakhstan shall apply to any relations of the Parties arising out of this Contract.
THE INTERPRETATION AND PERFORMANCE OF THIS CONTRACT SHALL BE IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND CONTROLLED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE DOCTRINES GOVERNING CHOICE OF LAW.
Except as otherwise indicated, in all other respects, the right and obligations of the Parties under this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the ***.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the People's Republic of China that are promulgated and are publicly available, provided that the general international business practices shall apply if the laws of the People's Republic of China that are promulgated and are publicly available do not involve any matter in relation to this Agreement.
The execution, validation, interpretation, performance, modification and termination of this Agreement and the settlement of disputes under this Agreement shall be governed by the Laws of China.
This Agreement will be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to any choice of law provision.
This Agreement and the rights of the Parties hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania including all matters of construction, validity, performance, and enforcement and without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws.
The Parties agree that the venue for any action, injunctive application or dispute determinable by a court of law arising out of this Agreement and that this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of North Carolina, without giving effect to choice of law or arbitration provisions, and that the federal and state courts therein shall have jurisdiction over the subject matter and the Parties.
This Agreement and its formation, operation and performance shall be governed, construed, performed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein.
This Agreement is governed by English law and the parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in relation to any dispute (contractual or non-contractual) concerning this Agreement save that either party may apply to any court for an injunction or other relief to protect its Intellectual Property Rights.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, exclusive of conflicts of law principles, and will, to the maximum extent practicable, be deemed to call for performance in Los Angeles County, California.
The Joint Venturers declare that in entering into this Agreement, they have contracted with reference to the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and the construction and interpretation of the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted and construed under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, except in such cases and to such extent as the laws of another jurisdiction shall necessarily control.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of Taiwan.
This Agreement is entered into in the State of Texas and shall be interpreted according to the laws of the State of Texas.
Except to the extent governed by the Federal Arbitration Act or other federal law, this Agreement and all claims arising from the relationship between Hyatt (and/or any of its Affiliates) and Playa (and/or any of its Affiliates) under this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Illinois (U.S.A.), without regard to its conflict of laws rules, except that any Illinois law or any other law regulating the offer or sale of franchises, business opportunities, or similar interests, or governing the relationship between a franchisor and a franchisee or any similar relationship, will not apply unless its jurisdictional requirements are met independently without reference to this Section 4.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED IN ALL RESPECTS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION VALIDITY, INTERPRETATION AND EFFECT, BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS EXECUTED AND TO BE PERFORMED WHOLLY WITHIN SUCH STATE WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CHOICE OF LAW PRINCIPLES OF SUCH STATE.
This Agreement shall be exclusively governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, USA without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.
The interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement, and the rights granted and obligations arising hereunder, shall be governed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflicts of law rules.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without reference to the conflicts of laws principles thereunder.
By this Agreement the Participants enter into a general Joint Venture (the "Joint Venture") in accordance with the laws of The State of Florida.
This Agreement will be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to principles of conflicts of law.
This Agreement will be construed under and in accordance with, and governed in all respects by, the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflicts of law principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of British Columbia (without regard to its conflict of laws provisions) which shall be deemed to be the proper law thereof.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the substantive laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to any conflicts of law provisions thereof that would result in the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement shall be interpreted, construed and enforced in all respects in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, except with regards to its rules regarding choice of law.
The Master Franchise Agreement requires application of the laws of New York.
This Agreement shall be interpreted and construed under the laws of the State of New York.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
This Second Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
This Limited Power of Attorney shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without reference to principles of conflicts of laws.
This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
4.8 This Agreement will be governed exclusively by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of British Columbia, and the parties attorn to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of British Columbia.
This Agreement shall be construed, and the respective rights of the Parties determined, according to the substantive law of the State of Delaware notwithstanding the provisions governing conflict of laws under such Delaware law to the contrary, except matters of intellectual property law which shall be determined in accordance with the intellectual property laws relevant to the intellectual property in question.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of New York, US, without reference to its conflict of laws principles, and shall not be governed by the United Nations Convention of International Contracts on the Sale of Goods (the Vienna Convention).
The English text of this Agreement shall control any interpretation of its provisions, and this Agreement and the legal relations among the Parties and the Company shall in all respects be interpreted, construed and governed by and in accordance with the laws of Japan.
The formation, validity, interpretation and implementation of this Contract, and any disputes arising under this Contract, shall be governed by the published laws of the People's Republic of China.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CHOICE OR CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISION OR RULE (WHETHER OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION).
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without regard to principles of conflict of laws.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, exclusive of conflict of laws principles.
This Letter of Authorization will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of California, excluding its conflict of laws provisions, and be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the California courts.
By this Agreement the Members enter into a joint venture (the "Venture") in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida.
This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Japan.
All disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be finally settled under the Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce by one or more arbitrators appointed in accordance with the said Rules. Any such arbitration shall (i) be subject to the application of the Italian Law, (ii) take place in Paris, France and (iii) be conducted in English.
his Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India and the Delhi Courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any legal proceedings in respect of this Agreement.
This Affiliate Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the District of Columbia.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Kansas.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed in said State without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof.
This Agreement shall be interpreted under the laws of the State of Nevada.
THIS AGREEMENT IS TO BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF GEORGIA (WITHOUT REGARD TO THOSE LAWS RELATING TO CHOICE OF LAW) APPLYING TO CONTRACTS ENTERED INTO AND TO BE PERFORMED WITHIN THE STATE OF GEORGIA.
This Agreement and all related business transactions will be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts (without reference to principles of conflicts or choice of law which would cause the application of the internal laws of any other jurisdiction).
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to principles of conflicts of law.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.
This Agreement is deemed made and entered into in the State of California and shall be construed, enforced and performed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without reference, to choice of law.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to its principles of conflicts of laws, other than Section 5-1401 of the New York General Obligations Law.
Any disputes or claims arising under this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Missouri.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the State of Florida, USA,.
This Agreement shall be governed by and be --------- ---- construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada.
The construction, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement and all transactions under it shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas, irrespective of its conflict of law principles.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California excluding that body of law pertaining to conflict of laws, except with respect to issues governed by the copyright laws of the United States.
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and the rights of the parties shall be governed by, the laws of the State of New York and the laws of the United States applicable therein.
This Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws State of New York.
This Agreement is entered into in the State of Texas and shall be interpreted according to the laws of the State of Texas.
This Agreement is governed by the laws of Victoria, Australia and the parties submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of Victoria, Australia
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, United States of America, without giving effect to any conflict of laws provisions.
The terms of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England.
This Agreement shall be construed and its provisions interpreted under and in accordance with the internal Laws of the State of Connecticut, without giving effect to principles of conflict or choice of laws of that or any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of Illinois applicable to agreements made and to be performed wholly within that State without regard to its conflicts of laws provisions.
This agreement will be governed by and must be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel
The laws of the province of Ontario, Canada, govern this AGREEMENT and, in respect of any dispute, which may arise hereunder; Agent consents to the jurisdiction of the federal and provincial courts of Ontario, Canada.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and wholly performed within such state, except for matters directly within the purview of the DGCL, which shall be governed by the DGCL.
This Joinder Agreement and the rights of the parties hereto shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and to be performed therein.
The construction, validity and performance of this Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of Japan.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida.
This Agreement, and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder, shall be subject to, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.
This Agreement is governed by English law.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.
This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder will be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to the conflict of laws provisions of any jurisdiction.
This Agreement and any disputes, claims, or actions related thereto shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, USA, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions thereof.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance under the laws of the State of New York.
The execution, validity, construction, enforcement and the settlement of any disputes herefrom shall be governed by PRC Laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware applicable to agreements made and to be performed within that state, without giving effect to any law or principals of law that would result in the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement and any dispute arising from the performance or breach hereof shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of California, without reference to conflicts of laws principles.
THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE GOVERNED IN ALL RESPECTS, INCLUDING VALIDITY, INTERPRETATION AND EFFECT, BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CHOICE OF LAW PRINCIPLES OF SUCH STATE.
This Agreement and its application and interpretation will be governed exclusively by its terms and the laws of the State of Nevada (USA), and excluding any conflicts of law provisions which would require the application of any law other than Nevada.
The execution, effect, interpretation and performance of this Agreement and resolution of any dispute arising from this Agreement will be governed by PRC Laws.
This Agreement shall be governed in all respects, including validity, interpretation, and effect, by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware executed and to be performed wholly within the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the choice of law or conflict of law principles thereof or of any other jurisdiction to the extent that such principles would require or permit the application of the laws of another jurisdiction.
This Agreement and any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter, existence, negotiation, validity, termination, breach or enforceability (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware applicable to agreements made and to be performed within that state.
This AGREEMENT is controlled by the laws of the State of Texas, and venue for any actions brought to enforce this AGREEMENT shall be brought exclusively in a court of competent jurisdiction in Pecos County, Texas.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED IN ALL RESPECTS, INCLUDING VALIDITY, INTERPRETATION AND EFFECT, BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CHOICE OF LAW PRINCIPLES OF SUCH STATE.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, United States of America, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with, and governed by, the laws of the State of Georgia, without regard to the conflicts of law rules of such state.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, its rules of conflict of laws notwithstanding.
This Assignment shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, its rules of conflict of laws notwithstanding.
This IP Agreement and the legal relations among the Parties will be governed by and construed in accordance with the rules and substantive Laws of the State of California, United States of America, without regard to conflicts of law provisions.
This Agreement and all disputes or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the laws of any other jurisdiction that might be applied because of the conflicts of laws principles of the State of New York.
The validity, implementation and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of PRC.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the substantive internal laws of the State of New York.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to any conflict or choice-of-law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware.
This Intellectual Property Agreement shall be construed and interpreted according to the laws of the State of Georgia, applicable contracts to be wholly performed within the State of Georgia.
The Laws of the State of Delaware (without reference to its principles of conflicts of law) shall govern the construction, interpretation and other matters arising out of or in connection with this IP Agreement and its schedules (whether arising in contract, tort, equity or otherwise).
South Dakota
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of South Dakota.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany excluding the United Nations Convention on Contracts of International Sale of Goods (CISG) and the provisions of German private international law.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas.
This Agreement shall be governed by, construed in accordance with the laws of Ontario, Canada.
This Agreement will be governed by the laws of California, without reference to conflicts of laws.
This Agreement will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the local laws of the State of Washington, U.S.A., without regard to its conflicts of law provisions and not including the provisions of the 1980 U.N. Convention in Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut, U.S.A. without regard to its conflict of taws provision.
This Agreement is deemed to have been entered into in the State of Colorado, and its interpretation, construction, and the remedies for its enforcement or breach are to be applied pursuant to and in accordance with the laws of the State of Colorado.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, USA without regard to conflict of laws principles.
This Agreement is to be construed according to the laws of the State of Illinois.
The validity, construction, and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the People's Republic of China.
This agreement shall be governed by and subject to the internal laws (exclusive of the conflicts of law provisions) and decisions of the courts of the State of Illinois
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under and in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.
This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed by the laws of the State of Texas. Comware agrees to submit to the jurisdiction of the State of Texas, Bexar County, USA.
This Agreement, its interpretation and construction, and the remedies for its enforcement or breach are to be applied in accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey.
The validity, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas, not including any of its conflicts of law rules that would direct or refer to the laws of another jurisdiction.
This contract shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, excluding any binding conflict of laws rule which might refer such construction to the laws of another state.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed according to the laws of the State of Kansas.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to conflict of law principles.
This Agreement has been made in the State of California and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws thereof without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.
This Agreement was negotiated and is being contracted<omitted>for in Nevada, and shall be governed by the laws of the State of Nevada, and the United States of America, notwithstanding any conflict-of-law provision to the contrary.
Except to the extent preempted by Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), all rights hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to its rules governing conflicts of laws, or the rules of any other jurisdiction which would cause the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of New York to apply.
This agreement shall be governed by, and its provisions enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Ohio, without regard to its principals of conflicts of laws.
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and governed by the laws of the State of Colorado without regard to conflicts of laws principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia applicable to contracts entered into and wholly to be performed within the Commonwealth of Virginia and, in the event of any litigation arising out of this Agreement, venue shall be the Commonwealth of Virginia.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed according to the law of Tennessee.
This Agreement and all questions regarding its validity or interpretation, or the breach or performance of this Agreement, shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, United States, without reference to conflict of law principles.
This Agreement is subject to and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, U.S.A. (without regard to conflict of law principles).
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN SUCH STATE, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES OF SUCH STATE OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW.
This Agreement and all matters pertaining hereto shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of Louisiana, except to the extent that the conflict of law rules of said state would require that the laws of another state would govern its validity, construction, or interpretation.
This Agreement takes effect upon its acceptance and execution by AIRSOPURE in the State of Texas, and shall be interpreted and construed under the laws of the State of Texas.
The Parties agree that, except to the extent governed by the United States Trademark Act of 1946 (Lanham Act; 15 U.S.C. lj 1050 et seq.), as amended, this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of New York without recourse to New York choice of law or conflicts of law principles.
This Agreement shall become valid when executed and accepted by BKC in Miami, Florida; it shall be governed and construed under and in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida; U.S.A.; provided, however, that since the Franchisee is a corporation formed under the laws of the Republic of Poland which is not doing business in the State of Florida, the Florida Franchise Act, Florida Statutes Section 817.416(1971) shall not apply to this Agreement.
The Franchise Agreement requires application of the laws of the State of Texas.
This Agreement will be interpreted and construed exclusively under the laws of the State of Texas, which laws will prevail in the event of any conflict of law (without regard to, and without giving effect to, the application of Texas choice-of-law rules); provided, however, that if the covenants in Section 19 of this Agreement would not be enforced as written under Page 55 of 80 Texas law, then the parties agree that those covenants will instead be interpreted and construed under the laws of the state in which the Franchised Business is located.
Except to the extent governed by the United States Trademark Act of 1946 (Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C.  1051 et seq.) and except that all issues relating to arbitrability or the enforcement or interpretation of the agreement to arbitrate set forth in Section 17.9 which will be governed by the United States Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C.  1 et seq.) and the federal common law relating to arbitration, this Agreement and the Franchise will be governed by the internal laws of the State of Arizona (without reference to its choice of law and conflict of law rules), except that the provisions of any Arizona law relating to the offer and sale of business opportunities or franchises or governing the relationship of a franchisor and its franchisees will not apply unless their jurisdictional requirements are met independently without reference to this Paragraph.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and to be performed exclusively in that State without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws.
This Agreement will be governed by the substantive laws of the State of New York, without regard for its conflict of laws provisions.
This Agreement will be governed and interpreted according to the laws of the State of California, without reference to principles of conflicts of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California (without respect to principles of conflicts of law).
All questions regarding the validity, interpretation, performance and enforcement of the provisions of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of New York.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, USA, excluding conflict of laws provisions and excluding the 1980 United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without reference to its conflict or choice of law rules or principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, USA, excluding conflict of laws provisions and excluding the 1980 United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
This Agreement shall be construed, enforced, performed and in all respects governed by and in accordance with the laws in the State of Washington.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Notwithstanding its place of execution or performance, this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, irrespective of its laws regarding choice or conflict of laws.
This Amendment and and any dispute or claim (including non-contractual disputes or claims) arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of Hong Kong without regard to choice of laws principles.
This Agreement will be construed and interpreted and its performance governed by the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by the law of California, U.S.A. and the arbitrators shall apply California law to the merits of any dispute or claim, without reference to conflict of law principles.
This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to principles of conflict of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule whether such provision or rule is that of the State of New York or any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement shad be deemed a contract made under and shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws ofthe State ofTexas and that actions arising out ofthis Agreement may be litigated in courts having situs in Harris County, Texas.
This Agreement shall be governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to choice of law principles that would require the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of New York, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws.
Accordingly, the parties agree that the validity, interpretation and legal effect of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of New York, U.S.A., applicable to contracts entered in and performed entirely within the State of New York, U.S.A. without regard to any conflict of law principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Nova Scotia and the laws of Canada applicable in Nova Scotia.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in all respects in accordance with the law of England and Wales and both parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California, without<omitted>giving effect to the conflicts of laws principles thereof.
The construction, interpretation and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Switzerland, except for its conflicts of law principles.
THE VALIDITY, CONSTRUCTION AND ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF MINNESOTA, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance within the laws of the State of New York without reference to conflicts of laws provisions.
This AGREEMENT shall be governed by and construed under the Laws of the Republic of South Africa.
This Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Indiana.
THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE CONSTRUED ACCORDING TO AND GOVERNED BY THE SUBSTANTIVE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, EXCLUDING ITS CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES TO THE EXTENT SUCH PRINCIPLES WOULD LEAD TO THE APPLICATION OF A SUBSTANTIVE LAW OTHER THAN THE LAW OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of New York, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to choice of law principles that would require the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement and performance under this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the United States of America and of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania as applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within Pennsylvania between Pennsylvania residents, excluding its conflicts of law provisions.
This OMA, and all claims or causes of action (whether in contract or tort) that may be based upon, arise out of or relate to this OMA or the negotiation, execution or performance of this OMA (including any claim or cause of action based upon, arising out of or related to any representation or warranty made in or in connection with this OMA), will be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York without regard to principles of conflicts of laws that would result in the application of the law of any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, USA and disputes, if not resolved by the Parties, will be settled by binding arbitration in and under the rules of arbitration in London, England.
The validity, interpretation and performance of this Agreement and any dispute connected with this Agreement will be governed by and determined in accordance with the statutory, regulatory and decisional law of the State of Delaware (exclusive of such state's choice of laws or conflicts of laws rules) and, to the extent applicable, the federal statutory, regulatory and decisional law of the United States.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Swiss law.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, United States of America, without reference to conflict-of-laws principles.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York, except Section 25 below, which shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts,<omitted>in each case without regard to conflict of laws principles that would require the application of the laws of another jurisdiction.
THIS REMARKETING AGREEMENT AND THE PRICING AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH PRINCIPLES WOULD REQUIRE OR PERMIT THE APPLICATION OF LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION.
This Agreement and the relationship between the Parties shall be governed by, and interpreted in accordance with New York law without regard to provisions related to conflicts of laws, and, except as provided in Section 21.2 above, the Parties agree to submit any dispute to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts sitting in New York.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Iowa.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, excluding the choice of law rules, and the parties hereby agree to submit to the jurisdiction and venue of the State and Federal courts of the State of California, and agree that the State and Federal courts of the State of California shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of all disputes related to or arising out of this Agreement.
The Parties agree that this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Arizona without regard to conflicts of law provisions thereof or any other applicable law and that exclusive venue shall be in the federal or state courts located in Maricopa County, Arizona.
This Agreement and its interpretation shall be governed by the laws of the United States and, to the extent not inconsistent therewith, by the laws of the Commonwealth of Kentucky without regard to conflicts of laws rules.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of California and the laws of Hong Kong.
This Agreement shall be ------------------------------------- governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of North Carolina.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, notwithstanding the actual state or country of residence or incorporation of NetGrocer.
This Agreement will be governed by the law of British Columbia and the parties attorn to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of British Columbia for the resolution of all disputes arising in connection with this Agreement.
This Agreement is governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, the laws of British Columbia, Canada.
This Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced according to the laws of the State of California without regard to principles of conflict of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without reference to conflict of law principles thereof.
This Agreement is to be governed and construed according to the laws of the State of California without regard to conflicts of law.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of California, excluding conflict of laws provisions and excluding the 1980 United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the province of Ontario, Canada, without regard to its conflict of laws principles.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF COLORADO, UNITED STATES, WITHOUT REGARD TO ITS PRINCIPLES REGARDING CONFLICT OF LAWS.
This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its conflicts of law principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without reference to any principles of conflicts of law thereof.
This Agreement is to be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, United States, notwithstanding any conflict of law provisions to the contrary.
The laws of the Federal Republic of Germany shall apply to the Agreement and any legal relations thereof, especially any purchase order, between Cremer and Ultragenyx shall be governed by that law.
This Supply Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of California, without regard to any conflict of laws rules to the contrary.
This Agreement, and all claims arising under or in connection therewith, shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of law principles thereof.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
The parties hereby agree that this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with English law.
This Development Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Minnesota, United States of America, disregarding its conflicts of law rules.
This Agreement, including its attachment and order acknowledgments under the Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement between Distributor and NETGEAR with respect to the purchase, resale and distribution of the Products and is governed by the laws of the State of California except that body of law dealing with conflicts of law.
This Amendment shall be governed by and construed under the law governing the Distributor Agreement.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE SIATE OF TEXAS.
The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed in accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of laws of such state.
This Agreement is governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles.
This Agreement is accepted by Company in the State of Nevada and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws thereof, which laws shall prevail in the event of any conflict.
This Agreement is subject to all laws, regulations, license conditions and decisions of the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission ("CRTC") municipal, provincial and federal governments or other authorities which are applicable to Rogers and/or Licensor, and which are now in force or hereafter adopted ("Applicable Law").
This Agreement shall be governed by laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein.
All questions with respect to the construction of this Agreement, and the rights and liabilities of the Parties hereto, shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Nevada without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in all respects in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any conflicts of laws principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles thereof.
This Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California as applied to agreements made, entered into and performed entirely in California by California residents, notwithstanding the actual residence of the parties, without giving effect to any choice of laws of California that would require the application of the laws of a state other than California.
This Agreement has been entered into in the State of Tennessee, and the validity, interpretation and legal effect of this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Tennessee applicable to contracts entered into and performed entirely within the State of Tennessee.
This Agreement has been executed and delivered in Los Angeles County in the State of California, and its interpretation, validity and performance shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales, without regard to conflict of laws principles.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of New York State (without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof).
This Agreement shall be governed, interpreted and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the Delaware, in the country of the United State of America, without regard to its conflict of laws principles.
The validity and interpretation of this Agreement and the legal relations of the Parties to it will be governed by the laws of the State of New York without recourse to its conflicts of law rules.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and any dispute arising hereunder shall be determined in accordance with, the laws of State of New York (without giving effect to conflict of laws principles) including all matters of construction, validity and performance.
This agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Ohio law.
This Agreement is a contract under the laws of the State of Florida and for all purposes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of Florida, without regard to its principles of conflicts of laws provisions.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed pursuant to the laws of the State of Indiana, U.S.A., without reference to principals of conflicts of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the United States and the State of Florida, except for conflict of laws provisions.
THIS AGREEMENT, AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE SUBSTANTIVE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS, U.S.A. WITHOUT REGARD TO ITS PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS.
Regardless of the place of execution hereof, this Agreement, all amendments hereto, and any and all issues or controversies arising here from or related hereto, shall be governed by and construed exclusively in accordance with the laws and decisions of the State of Michigan.
This Agreement, all amendments hereto, and any and all issues or controversies arising here from or related hereto, shall be governed by and construed exclusively in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
The parties hereto have expressly agreed that this Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, applicable to contracts executed and fully to be performed therein, to the exclusion of any other applicable body of governing law.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in all respects exclusively in accordance with the laws of the Netherlands.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without giving effect to conflict or choice of law principles.
This Agreement will be governed by the substantive laws of the State of New York, without regard for its conflict of laws provisions.
Any disputes relating to, arising out of or resulting from this Agreement, including to its execution, performance, or enforcement, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of the Laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of Laws thereof.
Any disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement, including to its execution, performance or enforcement, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of New York, regardless of the Laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of Laws thereof.
This IP Agreement will be construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the state of New York and of the United States of America.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Iowa.
This Agreement will be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Ohio (without regard to conflicts of law provisions), as such laws are applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within the State of Ohio between Ohio residents.
This Agreement and all disputes arising out of or related to this Agreement or any breach hereof shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law principles that would result in the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement shall be construed, and legal relations between the parties hereto shall be determined, in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland applicable to contracts solely executed and wholly to be performed within the State of Maryland without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of laws.
The laws of the State of New York (excluding any laws that direct the application of another jurisdiction's law) govern all matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement and all of the transactions it contemplates, including its validity, interpretation, construction, performance, and enforcement.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES (OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW).
This Agreement and any matters arising out of or related to this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Nevada.
The construction, interpretation and performance of this Agreement and all transactions under it shall be governed by the law of the State of Israel, without giving effect to choice of law rules, and both Parties consent to jurisdiction by the courts of the City of Haifa.
The laws of the State of New York (without giving effect to its conflicts of law principles) govern all matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement and all of the transactions it contemplates, including without limitation, its validity, interpretation, construction, performance, and enforcement.
This Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced exclusively under the laws of the State of Israel, without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof.
This Agreement and all Actions (whether in contract or tort) that may be based upon, arise out of or relate to this Agreement or the negotiation, execution or performance hereof or thereof shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Law of the State of Delaware, without regard to any Laws or principles thereof that would result in the application of the Laws of any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement and the application and interpretation hereof shall be governed exclusively by the laws of the State of Colorado.
This Agreement will be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Indiana without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel, and the courts of Tel-Aviv, Israel
This Agreement shall be governed, interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Alabama, without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of Spain.
Should either Party herein initiate a legal proceeding for revoking any arbitration result regarding the Contract, both Parties herein agree to take the Miaoli District Court of Taiwan as the competent court of first instance pursuant to the laws of the R.O.C..
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive Laws of the [* * *], excluding any rules of conflicts of laws that would apply the substantive laws of any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of law principles thereof.
This Agreement and any and all matters arising directly or indirectly herefrom shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the [***] applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely in such state, including its statutes of limitation but without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without giving effect to choice of law doctrine.
This Agreement and all disputes arising out of or related to this Agreement or any breach hereof are governed by and construed under the Laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law principles that would require the application of the Laws of a different state.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia without regard to the conflicts of law provisions thereof.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York and all disputes and controversies arising out of or in connection with the Agreement shall be brought exclusively before the competent courts in New York County, New York; provided however that judgment shall be enforceable in any country and that nothing in this Section shall prevent or restrict either Party from seeking interim relief in any competent jurisdiction as it may deem fit.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws in force in the Province of Ontario (excluding any conflict of laws rule or principle which might refer such construction to the laws of another jurisdiction).
The laws of California shall govern the construction and enforceability of the Agreement.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio, without reference to principles of conflicts of law.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Kansas.
This Agreement shall be governed in all respects, including as to validity, interpretation and effect, by the Laws of the State of Illinois, without giving effect to its principles or rules of conflict of laws, to the extent such principles or rules are not mandatorily applicable by statute and would permit or require the application of the Laws of another jurisdiction.
THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES HERETO, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, BUT WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY OTHERWISE APPLICABLE CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES).
Without reference to choice or conflict of law principles, this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, USA.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, without regard to its conflict-of-laws or choice-of law principles.
This agreement shall be governed by the Laws of England (English common and statutory Law).
This Agreement is subject to and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia with jurisdiction and venue in federal and Virginia courts in Alexandria and Arlington, Virginia.
It will be governed by the law of the People's Republic of China ,otherwise it is governed by United Nations Convention on Contract for the International Sale of Goods.
This Agreement and all claims or causes of action arising out of or related to this Agreement shall be governed in all respects, including as to validity, interpretation and effect, by the laws of the State of Illinois and the United States of America, without giving effect to its principles or rules of conflict of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the law set forth in the ExxonMobil Selling Affiliate's general terms and conditions, as applicable.
The parties' rights and obligations hereunder shall be construed and enforced under the laws of the State of Texas, U.S.A., without regard to conflict of laws principles. Incoterms 2010 (or any subsequent revision thereof) ("Incoterms") shall also apply; provided, however, that Incoterms shall apply only to the extent specified in the agreement hereof, and provided, further, that in the event of a conflict between Incoterms and the laws of the State of Texas, U.S.A., the latter shall govern.
This Agreement shall be governed by Singapore law, without regard to its conflict of laws principles.
This Agreement between EM and Buyer shall be governed by the laws of Belgium (excluding its rules on conflict of laws).
The provisions of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California (excluding any conflict of law rule or principle that would refer to the laws of another jurisdiction).
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its conflicts of law principles.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law rules.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.
This Agreement is entered into in the State of Texas and shall be governed, interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof.
Any controversy between the parties arising under this Agreement and not resolved by the parties shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Michigan.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Texas without giving effect to the conflict of law rules thereof.
This Agreement will be interpreted, construed and enforced in accordance with the Laws of the State of Washington, without reference to its choice of Laws rules.
This Agreement will be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without giving effect to conflict of laws principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of California without reference to its choice of law rules.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario and the Parties agree to abide by the jurisdiction of the Courts of Ontario.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.
This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the state where a suit is properly filed under the terms of this paragraph, being either Illinois or New York, and without giving effect to conflict of law principles.
The Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, notwithstanding the actual state or country of residence or incorporation of Application Provider.
The validity, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.
This Agreement and any action<omitted>related thereto shall be governed, controlled, interpreted and defined by and under the laws of the State of California and the United States, without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of New York, applicable to contracts executed in and to be performed entirely within that<omitted>state.
This Agreement will be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to conflict of laws principles. Both parties submit to personal jurisdiction in New York and further agree that any cause of action arising under this Agreement shall be brought in a court in New York City, NY.
This Agreement and all acts and transactions pursuant ------------- hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law.
This Agreement will be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Delaware, including its conflict with law provisions.
This Agreement shall be binding on the Parties as of the date hereof and is to be construed in accordance with and governed by the internal laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to any choice of law rule that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the internal laws of the State of Delaware to the rights and duties of the Parties.
This Agreement shall be construed and governed in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland regardless of the place or places of its physical execution and performance.
Even in case of agreements with foreign (non-German) Software Publishers and Affiliates, the law of the Federal Republic of Germany applies.
This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Virginia.
The obligations of Affiliate and Network under this Agreement are subject to all applicable federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations, and this Agreement and all matters or issues collateral thereto shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts to be entirely performed therein.
All disputes or claims by Payment Data Systems hereunder shall be resolved by arbitration in McLean, Virginia, pursuant to the rules of the American Arbitration Association.
All disputes or claims by NETWORK 1 hereunder shall be resolved by arbitration in San Antonio, Texas, pursuant to the rules of the American Arbitration Association.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and its provisions enforced in accordance with, the laws of California without regard to its principles of conflicts of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales, and all actions brought hereunder whether at law or in equity shall be brought in England.
This Agreement will be construed and governed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, without regard to conflict of laws principles.
The Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of Florida in the United States of America, and venue for any such legal action shall be in the Circuit Court or County Court in Orlando, FL or the U.S. District Court having jurisdiction over Orlando, FL.
Regardless of the place of execution hereof, this Agreement, all amendments hereto, and any and all issues or controversies arising here from or related hereto, shall be governed by and construed exclusively in accordance with the laws and decisions of the State of Georgia.
This Agreement sets forth the entire Agreement of the parties hereto, and any and all prior agreements, to the extent inconsistent herewith, are hereby superseded. This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Pennsylvania.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts formed and to be performed entirely within the State of New York, without regard to conflict of laws principles, and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Investment Fund Act.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of California applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely within such state, without regard to the conflicts of law principles of such state; provided that any matters relating to the construction or effect of any Patent will be governed by the patent laws of the relevant jurisdiction in which such Patent is granted.
This Agreement will be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of Florida.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of [***], without regard to the conflicts of law principles thereof, and [***].
This Agreement, after review by Developer and El Pollo Loco, was accepted in the state in which Franchisor's then-current headquarters (currently the State of California) is located and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of such state, except that the provisions in Section 20.1 covering competition following the expiration, termination or assignment of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state in which the breach occurs.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Arizona without regard to conflict of law principles, may not be amended except by a writing signed by both parties, and shall supersede any and all prior discussions and writings between the parties concerning the subject matter.
This Agreement or the performance, enforcement, breach or termination hereof shall be interpreted, governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, United States, excluding any conflicts or choice of law rule or principle that might otherwise refer construction or interpretation of this Agreement to the substantive law of another jurisdiction; provided that all questions concerning (a) inventorship of Patents under this Agreement shall be determined in accordance with Section 7.1.3 and (b) the construction or effect of Patents shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the country or other jurisdiction in which the particular Patent has been filed or granted, as the case may be.
This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof.
This Agreement shall be governed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to conflict of laws principles.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to its provisions concerning the applicability of the laws of other jurisdictions, and specifically excluding the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods.
This Agreement, the legal relations between the parties, and any action, whether contractual or non-contractual, instituted by any party with respect to matters arising under or growing out of or in connection with or in respect of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Arizona (U.S.A.), excluding any choice of law rules that may direct the application of the laws of another jurisdiction, and except that questions affecting the construction and effect of any Patent shall be determined by the law of the country in which the Patent has been granted.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the Netherlands, excluding its rules of conflicts of law and the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods dated 11 April 1980 (CISG), as amended from time to time.
The construction and validity of this Agreement and the provisions hereof, and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder, will be governed by the internal laws of the State of Delaware, USA, and, to the extent applicable to Patents and Trademarks, the applicable federal laws of the USA, in each instance without regard to conflict of laws principles.
This Letter shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without reference to any rules of conflict of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without reference to any rules of conflict of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without reference to its conflicts of laws principles.
This agreement shall be construed, interpreted and governed by and in accordance with the laws of Hong Kong.
This Agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the People's Republic of China (without regard to its conflicts of laws rules that would mandate the application of the laws of another jurisdiction).
This Termination Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the PRC, without regard to conflicts of law principles.
This Agreement will for all purposes be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California without giving effect to any conflict of laws principles that require the application of the laws of a different state.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States of America.
This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Florida without regard to conflicts of law provisions.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in all respects in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any conflicts of laws principles.
The merits of the dispute shall be resolved in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without reference to its choice of law rules.
This Agreement is to be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of California applicable to contracts made and to be performed wholly within such State, and without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof.
The execution, validity, interpretation, enforcement and dispute resolution of this Agreement shall be governed by the PRC Law.
This Agreement, the rights and obligations of the parties hereto, and any claims or disputes thereto, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without reference to conflict of law principles. Venue for any proceedings not subject to arbitration under this Agreement shall be in the state and federal courts located in New York, New York.
This Agreement is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of Hong Kong
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without application of conflict of laws principles.
The terms of the Governing Law and Dispute Resolution provisions of the Distribution Agreement will apply to this Addendum.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Texas without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.
This Distributor Agreement shall be exclusively governed, construed, enforced and controlled by the laws of the United States of America and of the State of Texas.
This Agreement, which is in English, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof.
This Agreement and all questions regarding its existence, validity, interpretation, breach or performance and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it (whether contractual or non-contractual in nature such as claims in tort, from breach of statute or regulation or otherwise) shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, United States, without reference to its conflicts of law principles to the extent those principles would require applying another jurisdiction's laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, its rules of conflict of laws notwithstanding.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California applicable to agreements executed and to be wholly performed therein.
This Agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the People's Republic of China (without regard to its conflicts of laws rules that would mandate the application of the laws of another jurisdiction).
This Termination Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the PRC, without regard to conflicts of law principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its principles of conflicts of law.
This Agreement and the relationship between the parties is governed by and will be construed exclusively in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida (without regard to, and without applying, Florida conflict-of-law rules).
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Illinois without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles.
The validity, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement shall be controlled by and construed under the laws of the State of New York, United States of America, as if performed wholly within the state and without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law, and the state and federal courts of California shall have jurisdiction over any claim arising under this Agreement.
The Warranty and the Software License shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without reference to principles of conflict of laws.
This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Washington without regards for its conflict of laws principle.
All matters relating to this Agreement, the rights of the Parties hereunder and the construction of the terms hereof shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to conflicts of laws principles.
This Warrant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to its principles regarding conflicts of law.
This Agreement will be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without reference to its conflicts of laws principles or the conflicts of laws principles of any other jurisdiction, and each of the parties hereto expressly attorns to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas, without reference to its conflicts of law principles.
This Consulting Agreement shall be governed by, and construed pursuant to the laws of the State of New York, applicable to agreements made and performed wholly within such State.
This Agreement and the legal relations among the Parties hereto shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, without regard to its conflict of law doctrine.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed inaccordance with the laws of British Columbia and the federal laws of Canada applicable in British Columbia, and the parties irrevocably submit to and accept generally and unconditionally the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts and appellate courts of British Columbia in that regard.
This Agreement shall be interpreted, construed, governed, and enforced according to the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions of any jurisdiction.
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to the conflict of law principles of California or any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule that would cause the application of laws of any other jurisdiction.
Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the parties, the Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of British Columbia and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein, and the parties hereto submit and attorn to the jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of British Columbia.
Except to the extent governed by the U.S. Trademark Act of 1946 (Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. "1051 et seq.), this Agreement, the other agreements referred herein, and the offer and the sale of the franchise shall be governed in all respects and aspects by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and expressly excluding the laws pertaining to the choice of law and conflict of laws.
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to the conflict of law principles of California or any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement was entered into in the State of Florida, and its validity, construction, interpretation, and legal effect shall be governed by the laws and judicial decisions of the State of Florida applicable to contracts entered into and performed entirely within the State of Florida.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California exclusive of its conflict of laws principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely within such State, without regard to the conflicts of law principles of such State.
RATHER THESE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS, OTHER THAN CHOICE OF LAW RULES, OF THE STATE OF GEORGIA.
THIS AGREEMENT TAKES EFFECT UPON ITS ACCEPTANCE AND EXECUTION BY US, AND SHALL BE INTERPRETED AND CONSTRUED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE IN WHICH THE FRANCHISED RESTAURANT IS LOCATED, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT GOVERNED BY THE UNITED STATES TRADEMARK ACT OF 1946 (LANHAM ACT, 15, U.S.C. SECTIONS 1051 ET SEQ).
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without reference to any conflict of laws provisions thereof, except where governed by the Bankruptcy Code.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to principles of conflicts of law.
The laws of the State of California shall govern all issues arising under or relating to this Agreement, without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles thereof.
The parties to this Agreement hereby agree that the law of the State of New York shall govern their rights and duties in whole without regard to the conflict of law provisions thereof (other than New York General Obligations Law Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402).
This Agreement and any claim, controversy or dispute arising out of or related to this Agreement, any of the transactions contemplated hereby and/or the interpretation and enforcement of the rights and duties of the Parties, whether arising in contract, tort, equity or otherwise, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the domestic laws of the State of Israel (including in respect of the statute of limitations or other limitations period applicable to any such claim, controversy or dispute), without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Israel or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Israel.
This Agreement will be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware and is assignable only upon the written consent by all the parties hereto
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS (OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW), AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.
This Agreement shall be governed by, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflicts of law.
This Agreement is governed by the laws of England and Wales.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Connecticut, U.S.A. without regard to conflict of law principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Arizona, without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof.
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Massachusetts.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Ohio.
This Agreement shall be subject to and governed by the laws of the State of Colorado, excluding any conflicts-of-law rule or principle that might refer the construction or interpretation of this Agreement to the laws of another state.
This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with English law, save where provided otherwise herein.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and the parties to this Agreement submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales in relation to any claim, dispute or matter arising out of or relating to this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be construed and the provisions hereof interpreted under and in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
This Agreement (and any question about its subsistence, effect or termination) is to be interpreted in accordance with the laws of India, save for that body of law which governs the conflict of laws.
This Agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England.
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced and interpreted in accordance with and governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without reference to principles of conflicts of law.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas and venue for any legal action brought in State Court shall lie exclusively in Tarrant County, Texas and venue for any action brought in federal court shall lie exclusively in the Northern District of Texas, Fort Worth Division.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Arizona applicable to agreements fully executed and performed therein.
This Agreement will be deemed entered into in Arizona and will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the internal substantive laws of the State of Arizona without reference to conflicts of law provisions.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Texas, without giving effect to principles of conflict of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to New York conflict laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts executed in and to be performed in that State. All actions arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be heard and determined exclusively in any New York state or federal court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan of The City of New York.
This Agreement and the performance of<omitted>the parties under this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, U.S.A., except that body of law concerning conflicts of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.
This Agreement and all acts and transactions hereunder shall in all respects be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without regard to any of its conflicts of laws principles which would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction.
This Agreement is to be governed and construed according to the laws of the State of New York without regard to conflicts of law.
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, but without giving effect to its laws or rules relating to conflicts of laws.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, notwithstanding the actual state or country of residence or incorporation of Excite or Client.
Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof.
This Agreement shall be constructed under and governed by the laws of the State of Tennessee.
This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made in the -------------- state of Washington and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Washington.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, notwithstanding the actual state or country of residence or incorporation of Excite or Client.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Minnesota, without regard to conflict of law principles.
This Agreement and performance hereunder shall be governed by the laws of the State of Oklahoma without regard to conflict of laws.
This Agreement shall be deemed to have been entered into in the State of New Jersey, and shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of that State applicable to agreements made and to be performed in the State of New Jersey.
This agreement will be construed in accordance with the laws of Papua New Guinea and the parties submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the National Court of Papua New Guinea.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Israel, without giving effect to choice of law rules.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws, other than choice of law rules, of the state of Florida.
The validity, construction and interpretation of this Agreement and the rights and duties of the parties hereto shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of Wisconsin, excluding its principles of conflict of laws.
The validity, construction and interpretation of this Agreement and the rights and duties of the parties hereto shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of New York, excluding its principles of conflict of laws.
Any lawsuit relating to any matter arising under this Agreement may be initiated in a State or Federal Court located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts or in any court in the Netherlands having jurisdiction over the matter.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada, USA in force therein without regard to its conflict of law rules.
This Agreement and the performance of transactions under this Agreement shall be governed by the substantive laws of the state of New York.
This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of New York.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Maryland, without regard to its choice of law rules.
This Agreement, and all matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement, shall be governed by the laws of the State of California.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of British Columbia and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein, excluding its conflict-of-laws rules.
This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made and executed in the State of Missouri and any dispute arising thereunder shall be resolved in accordance with the laws of the State of Missouri, without reference to its rules governing conflicts of law.
This Agreement shall be subject to and governed by the laws of the State of Missouri, USA.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Colorado excluding its choice of law provisions.
The laws of the State of Florida shall govern this Agreement, without reference to conflicts of law provisions.
Pursuant to and in accordance with Section 5-1401 of the New York General Obligations Law, the Parties hereto agree that this Amendment in all respects, and any claim or cause of action based upon or arising out of this Amendment, or any dealing between the Parties relating to the subject matter of this Amendment or the transactions contemplated hereby or the Company/Repairer relationship being established, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, U.S.A. as applied to contracts to be performed wholly within the State of New York (Exclusive of Section 7-101 of the New York General Obligations Law which is inapplicable to this Amendment).
Pursuant to and in accordance with Section 5-1401 of the New York General Obligations Law, the Parties hereto agree that this Agreement in all respects, and any claim or cause of action based upon or arising out of this Agreement, or any dealing between the Parties<omitted>relating to the subject matter of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or the Company/Repairer relationship being established, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, U.S.A. as applied to contracts to be performed wholly within the State of New York (Exclusive of Section 7-101 of the New York General Obligations Law which is inapplicable to this Agreement).
This Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws, and not by the laws regarding conflicts of laws, of the State of North Carolina.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable in the Province of Ontario.
This Agreement is made under and subject to the provision of the substantive laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to its conflict of law rules.
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey.
This Agreement (including any dispute hereunder) and the documents to be entered into pursuant to it, save as expressly otherwise provided therein, will be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the Netherlands
This Agreement and any amendments thereto shall be construed according to the laws of the State of Colorado without regard to conflicts of law principles and any disputes hereunder shall be litigated in a state court in Colorado.
This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, USA, without regard to the conflict of law provisions thereof or the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods; provided, however, that any dispute relating to the scope, validity, enforceability or infringement of any Intellectual Property Right will be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the substantive laws of the jurisdiction in which such Intellectual Property Right applies.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware.
This Manual is governed in all its parts by the applicable regulations of the Republic of Colombia.
This Agreement and the rights and duties of Transporter and Shipper hereunder shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Arkansas, without recourse to the law governing conflict of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario.
This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio, without recourse to any principles of law governing conflicts of law, which might otherwise be applicable.
Effective legislation of the Republic of Kazakhstan shall apply to any relations of the Parties arising out of this Contract.
THE INTERPRETATION AND PERFORMANCE OF THIS CONTRACT SHALL BE IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND CONTROLLED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE DOCTRINES GOVERNING CHOICE OF LAW.
Except as otherwise indicated, in all other respects, the right and obligations of the Parties under this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the ***.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the People's Republic of China that are promulgated and are publicly available, provided that the general international business practices shall apply if the laws of the People's Republic of China that are promulgated and are publicly available do not involve any matter in relation to this Agreement.
The execution, validation, interpretation, performance, modification and termination of this Agreement and the settlement of disputes under this Agreement shall be governed by the Laws of China.
This Agreement will be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to any choice of law provision.
This Agreement and the rights of the Parties hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania including all matters of construction, validity, performance, and enforcement and without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws.
The Parties agree that the venue for any action, injunctive application or dispute determinable by a court of law arising out of this Agreement and that this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of North Carolina, without giving effect to choice of law or arbitration provisions, and that the federal and state courts therein shall have jurisdiction over the subject matter and the Parties.
This Agreement and its formation, operation and performance shall be governed, construed, performed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein.
This Agreement is governed by English law and the parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in relation to any dispute (contractual or non-contractual) concerning this Agreement save that either party may apply to any court for an injunction or other relief to protect its Intellectual Property Rights.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, exclusive of conflicts of law principles, and will, to the maximum extent practicable, be deemed to call for performance in Los Angeles County, California.
The Joint Venturers declare that in entering into this Agreement, they have contracted with reference to the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and the construction and interpretation of the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted and construed under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, except in such cases and to such extent as the laws of another jurisdiction shall necessarily control.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of Taiwan.
This Agreement is entered into in the State of Texas and shall be interpreted according to the laws of the State of Texas.
Except to the extent governed by the Federal Arbitration Act or other federal law, this Agreement and all claims arising from the relationship between Hyatt (and/or any of its Affiliates) and Playa (and/or any of its Affiliates) under this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Illinois (U.S.A.), without regard to its conflict of laws rules, except that any Illinois law or any other law regulating the offer or sale of franchises, business opportunities, or similar interests, or governing the relationship between a franchisor and a franchisee or any similar relationship, will not apply unless its jurisdictional requirements are met independently without reference to this Section 4.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED IN ALL RESPECTS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION VALIDITY, INTERPRETATION AND EFFECT, BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS EXECUTED AND TO BE PERFORMED WHOLLY WITHIN SUCH STATE WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CHOICE OF LAW PRINCIPLES OF SUCH STATE.
This Agreement shall be exclusively governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, USA without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.
The interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement, and the rights granted and obligations arising hereunder, shall be governed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflicts of law rules.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without reference to the conflicts of laws principles thereunder.
By this Agreement the Participants enter into a general Joint Venture (the "Joint Venture") in accordance with the laws of The State of Florida.
This Agreement will be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to principles of conflicts of law.
This Agreement will be construed under and in accordance with, and governed in all respects by, the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflicts of law principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of British Columbia (without regard to its conflict of laws provisions) which shall be deemed to be the proper law thereof.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the substantive laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to any conflicts of law provisions thereof that would result in the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement shall be interpreted, construed and enforced in all respects in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, except with regards to its rules regarding choice of law.
The Master Franchise Agreement requires application of the laws of New York.
This Agreement shall be interpreted and construed under the laws of the State of New York.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
This Second Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
This Limited Power of Attorney shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without reference to principles of conflicts of laws.
This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
4.8 This Agreement will be governed exclusively by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of British Columbia, and the parties attorn to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of British Columbia.
This Agreement shall be construed, and the respective rights of the Parties determined, according to the substantive law of the State of Delaware notwithstanding the provisions governing conflict of laws under such Delaware law to the contrary, except matters of intellectual property law which shall be determined in accordance with the intellectual property laws relevant to the intellectual property in question.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of New York, US, without reference to its conflict of laws principles, and shall not be governed by the United Nations Convention of International Contracts on the Sale of Goods (the Vienna Convention).
The English text of this Agreement shall control any interpretation of its provisions, and this Agreement and the legal relations among the Parties and the Company shall in all respects be interpreted, construed and governed by and in accordance with the laws of Japan.
The formation, validity, interpretation and implementation of this Contract, and any disputes arising under this Contract, shall be governed by the published laws of the People's Republic of China.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CHOICE OR CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISION OR RULE (WHETHER OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION).
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without regard to principles of conflict of laws.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, exclusive of conflict of laws principles.
This Letter of Authorization will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of California, excluding its conflict of laws provisions, and be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the California courts.
By this Agreement the Members enter into a joint venture (the "Venture") in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida.
This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Japan.
All disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be finally settled under the Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce by one or more arbitrators appointed in accordance with the said Rules. Any such arbitration shall (i) be subject to the application of the Italian Law, (ii) take place in Paris, France and (iii) be conducted in English.
his Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India and the Delhi Courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any legal proceedings in respect of this Agreement.
This Affiliate Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the District of Columbia.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Kansas.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed in said State without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof.
This Agreement shall be interpreted under the laws of the State of Nevada.
THIS AGREEMENT IS TO BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF GEORGIA (WITHOUT REGARD TO THOSE LAWS RELATING TO CHOICE OF LAW) APPLYING TO CONTRACTS ENTERED INTO AND TO BE PERFORMED WITHIN THE STATE OF GEORGIA.
This Agreement and all related business transactions will be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts (without reference to principles of conflicts or choice of law which would cause the application of the internal laws of any other jurisdiction).
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to principles of conflicts of law.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.
This Agreement is deemed made and entered into in the State of California and shall be construed, enforced and performed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without reference, to choice of law.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to its principles of conflicts of laws, other than Section 5-1401 of the New York General Obligations Law.
Any disputes or claims arising under this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Missouri.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the State of Florida, USA,.
This Agreement shall be governed by and be --------- ---- construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada.
The construction, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement and all transactions under it shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas, irrespective of its conflict of law principles.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California excluding that body of law pertaining to conflict of laws, except with respect to issues governed by the copyright laws of the United States.
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and the rights of the parties shall be governed by, the laws of the State of New York and the laws of the United States applicable therein.
This Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws State of New York.
This Agreement is entered into in the State of Texas and shall be interpreted according to the laws of the State of Texas.
This Agreement is governed by the laws of Victoria, Australia and the parties submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of Victoria, Australia
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, United States of America, without giving effect to any conflict of laws provisions.
The terms of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England.
This Agreement shall be construed and its provisions interpreted under and in accordance with the internal Laws of the State of Connecticut, without giving effect to principles of conflict or choice of laws of that or any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of Illinois applicable to agreements made and to be performed wholly within that State without regard to its conflicts of laws provisions.
This agreement will be governed by and must be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel
The laws of the province of Ontario, Canada, govern this AGREEMENT and, in respect of any dispute, which may arise hereunder; Agent consents to the jurisdiction of the federal and provincial courts of Ontario, Canada.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and wholly performed within such state, except for matters directly within the purview of the DGCL, which shall be governed by the DGCL.
This Joinder Agreement and the rights of the parties hereto shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and to be performed therein.
The construction, validity and performance of this Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of Japan.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida.
This Agreement, and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder, shall be subject to, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.
This Agreement is governed by English law.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.
This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder will be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to the conflict of laws provisions of any jurisdiction.
This Agreement and any disputes, claims, or actions related thereto shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, USA, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions thereof.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance under the laws of the State of New York.
The execution, validity, construction, enforcement and the settlement of any disputes herefrom shall be governed by PRC Laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware applicable to agreements made and to be performed within that state, without giving effect to any law or principals of law that would result in the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement and any dispute arising from the performance or breach hereof shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of California, without reference to conflicts of laws principles.
THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE GOVERNED IN ALL RESPECTS, INCLUDING VALIDITY, INTERPRETATION AND EFFECT, BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CHOICE OF LAW PRINCIPLES OF SUCH STATE.
This Agreement and its application and interpretation will be governed exclusively by its terms and the laws of the State of Nevada (USA), and excluding any conflicts of law provisions which would require the application of any law other than Nevada.
The execution, effect, interpretation and performance of this Agreement and resolution of any dispute arising from this Agreement will be governed by PRC Laws.
This Agreement shall be governed in all respects, including validity, interpretation, and effect, by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware executed and to be performed wholly within the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the choice of law or conflict of law principles thereof or of any other jurisdiction to the extent that such principles would require or permit the application of the laws of another jurisdiction.
This Agreement and any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter, existence, negotiation, validity, termination, breach or enforceability (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware applicable to agreements made and to be performed within that state.
This AGREEMENT is controlled by the laws of the State of Texas, and venue for any actions brought to enforce this AGREEMENT shall be brought exclusively in a court of competent jurisdiction in Pecos County, Texas.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED IN ALL RESPECTS, INCLUDING VALIDITY, INTERPRETATION AND EFFECT, BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CHOICE OF LAW PRINCIPLES OF SUCH STATE.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, United States of America, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with, and governed by, the laws of the State of Georgia, without regard to the conflicts of law rules of such state.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, its rules of conflict of laws notwithstanding.
This Assignment shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, its rules of conflict of laws notwithstanding.
This IP Agreement and the legal relations among the Parties will be governed by and construed in accordance with the rules and substantive Laws of the State of California, United States of America, without regard to conflicts of law provisions.
This Agreement and all disputes or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the laws of any other jurisdiction that might be applied because of the conflicts of laws principles of the State of New York.
The validity, implementation and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of PRC.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the substantive internal laws of the State of New York.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to any conflict or choice-of-law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware.
This Intellectual Property Agreement shall be construed and interpreted according to the laws of the State of Georgia, applicable contracts to be wholly performed within the State of Georgia.
The Laws of the State of Delaware (without reference to its principles of conflicts of law) shall govern the construction, interpretation and other matters arising out of or in connection with this IP Agreement and its schedules (whether arising in contract, tort, equity or otherwise).
South Dakota
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of South Dakota.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany excluding the United Nations Convention on Contracts of International Sale of Goods (CISG) and the provisions of German private international law.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas.
This Agreement shall be governed by, construed in accordance with the laws of Ontario, Canada.
This Agreement will be governed by the laws of California, without reference to conflicts of laws.
This Agreement will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the local laws of the State of Washington, U.S.A., without regard to its conflicts of law provisions and not including the provisions of the 1980 U.N. Convention in Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut, U.S.A. without regard to its conflict of taws provision.
This Agreement is deemed to have been entered into in the State of Colorado, and its interpretation, construction, and the remedies for its enforcement or breach are to be applied pursuant to and in accordance with the laws of the State of Colorado.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, USA without regard to conflict of laws principles.
This Agreement is to be construed according to the laws of the State of Illinois.
The validity, construction, and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the People's Republic of China.
This agreement shall be governed by and subject to the internal laws (exclusive of the conflicts of law provisions) and decisions of the courts of the State of Illinois
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under and in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.
This Agreement shall be interpreted and governed by the laws of the State of Texas. Comware agrees to submit to the jurisdiction of the State of Texas, Bexar County, USA.
This Agreement, its interpretation and construction, and the remedies for its enforcement or breach are to be applied in accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey.
The validity, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas, not including any of its conflicts of law rules that would direct or refer to the laws of another jurisdiction.
This contract shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, excluding any binding conflict of laws rule which might refer such construction to the laws of another state.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed according to the laws of the State of Kansas.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to conflict of law principles.
This Agreement has been made in the State of California and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws thereof without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.
This Agreement was negotiated and is being contracted<omitted>for in Nevada, and shall be governed by the laws of the State of Nevada, and the United States of America, notwithstanding any conflict-of-law provision to the contrary.
Except to the extent preempted by Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), all rights hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to its rules governing conflicts of laws, or the rules of any other jurisdiction which would cause the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of New York to apply.
This agreement shall be governed by, and its provisions enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Ohio, without regard to its principals of conflicts of laws.
This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and governed by the laws of the State of Colorado without regard to conflicts of laws principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia applicable to contracts entered into and wholly to be performed within the Commonwealth of Virginia and, in the event of any litigation arising out of this Agreement, venue shall be the Commonwealth of Virginia.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed according to the law of Tennessee.
This Agreement and all questions regarding its validity or interpretation, or the breach or performance of this Agreement, shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, United States, without reference to conflict of law principles.
This Agreement is subject to and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, U.S.A. (without regard to conflict of law principles).
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN SUCH STATE, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES OF SUCH STATE OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW.
This Agreement and all matters pertaining hereto shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of Louisiana, except to the extent that the conflict of law rules of said state would require that the laws of another state would govern its validity, construction, or interpretation.
This Agreement takes effect upon its acceptance and execution by AIRSOPURE in the State of Texas, and shall be interpreted and construed under the laws of the State of Texas.
The Parties agree that, except to the extent governed by the United States Trademark Act of 1946 (Lanham Act; 15 U.S.C. lj 1050 et seq.), as amended, this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of New York without recourse to New York choice of law or conflicts of law principles.
This Agreement shall become valid when executed and accepted by BKC in Miami, Florida; it shall be governed and construed under and in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida; U.S.A.; provided, however, that since the Franchisee is a corporation formed under the laws of the Republic of Poland which is not doing business in the State of Florida, the Florida Franchise Act, Florida Statutes Section 817.416(1971) shall not apply to this Agreement.
The Franchise Agreement requires application of the laws of the State of Texas.
This Agreement will be interpreted and construed exclusively under the laws of the State of Texas, which laws will prevail in the event of any conflict of law (without regard to, and without giving effect to, the application of Texas choice-of-law rules); provided, however, that if the covenants in Section 19 of this Agreement would not be enforced as written under Page 55 of 80 Texas law, then the parties agree that those covenants will instead be interpreted and construed under the laws of the state in which the Franchised Business is located.
Except to the extent governed by the United States Trademark Act of 1946 (Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C.  1051 et seq.) and except that all issues relating to arbitrability or the enforcement or interpretation of the agreement to arbitrate set forth in Section 17.9 which will be governed by the United States Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C.  1 et seq.) and the federal common law relating to arbitration, this Agreement and the Franchise will be governed by the internal laws of the State of Arizona (without reference to its choice of law and conflict of law rules), except that the provisions of any Arizona law relating to the offer and sale of business opportunities or franchises or governing the relationship of a franchisor and its franchisees will not apply unless their jurisdictional requirements are met independently without reference to this Paragraph.
This Agreement shall be governed and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and to be performed exclusively in that State without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws.
This Agreement will be governed by the substantive laws of the State of New York, without regard for its conflict of laws provisions.
This Agreement will be governed and interpreted according to the laws of the State of California, without reference to principles of conflicts of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California (without respect to principles of conflicts of law).
All questions regarding the validity, interpretation, performance and enforcement of the provisions of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of New York.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, USA, excluding conflict of laws provisions and excluding the 1980 United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without reference to its conflict or choice of law rules or principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, USA, excluding conflict of laws provisions and excluding the 1980 United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
This Agreement shall be construed, enforced, performed and in all respects governed by and in accordance with the laws in the State of Washington.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Notwithstanding its place of execution or performance, this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, irrespective of its laws regarding choice or conflict of laws.
This Amendment and and any dispute or claim (including non-contractual disputes or claims) arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of Hong Kong without regard to choice of laws principles.
This Agreement will be construed and interpreted and its performance governed by the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by the law of California, U.S.A. and the arbitrators shall apply California law to the merits of any dispute or claim, without reference to conflict of law principles.
This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to principles of conflict of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule whether such provision or rule is that of the State of New York or any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement shad be deemed a contract made under and shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws ofthe State ofTexas and that actions arising out ofthis Agreement may be litigated in courts having situs in Harris County, Texas.
This Agreement shall be governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to choice of law principles that would require the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of New York, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws.
Accordingly, the parties agree that the validity, interpretation and legal effect of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of New York, U.S.A., applicable to contracts entered in and performed entirely within the State of New York, U.S.A. without regard to any conflict of law principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Nova Scotia and the laws of Canada applicable in Nova Scotia.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in all respects in accordance with the law of England and Wales and both parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California, without<omitted>giving effect to the conflicts of laws principles thereof.
The construction, interpretation and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Switzerland, except for its conflicts of law principles.
THE VALIDITY, CONSTRUCTION AND ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF MINNESOTA, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance within the laws of the State of New York without reference to conflicts of laws provisions.
This AGREEMENT shall be governed by and construed under the Laws of the Republic of South Africa.
This Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Indiana.
THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE CONSTRUED ACCORDING TO AND GOVERNED BY THE SUBSTANTIVE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, EXCLUDING ITS CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES TO THE EXTENT SUCH PRINCIPLES WOULD LEAD TO THE APPLICATION OF A SUBSTANTIVE LAW OTHER THAN THE LAW OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of New York, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to choice of law principles that would require the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement and performance under this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the United States of America and of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania as applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within Pennsylvania between Pennsylvania residents, excluding its conflicts of law provisions.
This OMA, and all claims or causes of action (whether in contract or tort) that may be based upon, arise out of or relate to this OMA or the negotiation, execution or performance of this OMA (including any claim or cause of action based upon, arising out of or related to any representation or warranty made in or in connection with this OMA), will be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York without regard to principles of conflicts of laws that would result in the application of the law of any other jurisdiction.
This Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, USA and disputes, if not resolved by the Parties, will be settled by binding arbitration in and under the rules of arbitration in London, England.
The validity, interpretation and performance of this Agreement and any dispute connected with this Agreement will be governed by and determined in accordance with the statutory, regulatory and decisional law of the State of Delaware (exclusive of such state's choice of laws or conflicts of laws rules) and, to the extent applicable, the federal statutory, regulatory and decisional law of the United States.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Swiss law.
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, United States of America, without reference to conflict-of-laws principles.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York, except Section 25 below, which shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts,<omitted>in each case without regard to conflict of laws principles that would require the application of the laws of another jurisdiction.
THIS REMARKETING AGREEMENT AND THE PRICING AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH PRINCIPLES WOULD REQUIRE OR PERMIT THE APPLICATION OF LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION.
This Agreement and the relationship between the Parties shall be governed by, and interpreted in accordance with New York law without regard to provisions related to conflicts of laws, and, except as provided in Section 21.2 above, the Parties agree to submit any dispute to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts sitting in New York.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Iowa.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, excluding the choice of law rules, and the parties hereby agree to submit to the jurisdiction and venue of the State and Federal courts of the State of California, and agree that the State and Federal courts of the State of California shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of all disputes related to or arising out of this Agreement.
The Parties agree that this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Arizona without regard to conflicts of law provisions thereof or any other applicable law and that exclusive venue shall be in the federal or state courts located in Maricopa County, Arizona.
This Agreement and its interpretation shall be governed by the laws of the United States and, to the extent not inconsistent therewith, by the laws of the Commonwealth of Kentucky without regard to conflicts of laws rules.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of California and the laws of Hong Kong.
This Agreement shall be ------------------------------------- governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of North Carolina.
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, notwithstanding the actual state or country of residence or incorporation of NetGrocer.
This Agreement will be governed by the law of British Columbia and the parties attorn to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of British Columbia for the resolution of all disputes arising in connection with this Agreement.
This Agreement is governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, the laws of British Columbia, Canada.
This Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced according to the laws of the State of California without regard to principles of conflict of laws.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without reference to conflict of law principles thereof.
This Agreement is to be governed and construed according to the laws of the State of California without regard to conflicts of law.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of California, excluding conflict of laws provisions and excluding the 1980 United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the province of Ontario, Canada, without regard to its conflict of laws principles.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF COLORADO, UNITED STATES, WITHOUT REGARD TO ITS PRINCIPLES REGARDING CONFLICT OF LAWS.
This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its conflicts of law principles.
This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without reference to any principles of conflicts of law thereof.
This Agreement is to be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, United States, notwithstanding any conflict of law provisions to the contrary.
The laws of the Federal Republic of Germany shall apply to the Agreement and any legal relations thereof, especially any purchase order, between Cremer and Ultragenyx shall be governed by that law.
This Supply Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of California, without regard to any conflict of laws rules to the contrary.
This Agreement, and all claims arising under or in connection therewith, shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of law principles thereof.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
The parties hereby agree that this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with English law.
This Development Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Minnesota, United States of America, disregarding its conflicts of law rules.
This Agreement, including its attachment and order acknowledgments under the Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement between Distributor and NETGEAR with respect to the purchase, resale and distribution of the Products and is governed by the laws of the State of California except that body of law dealing with conflicts of law.
This Amendment shall be governed by and construed under the law governing the Distributor Agreement.
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE SIATE OF TEXAS.
The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed in accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of laws of such state.
This Agreement is governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles.
