Party shall, throughout the Term of the Agreement and for a period of not less than four years thereafter, obtain and maintain at its own cost and expense from a qualified insurance company licensed to do business in Location and Location, a commercial general liability insurance policy including coverage for contractual liability (applying to the terms and conditions of this agreement), product liability, personal injury liability, and advertiser's liability, in a form approved by the Party Parties, in the amount of at least Five Million Dollars (US$5,000,000) per occurrence naming the Party Parties (for the avoidance of doubt, specifically including each of Lender, Endorser, and Fitness) as additional named insureds
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, such policy shall provide protection against any and all claims, demands, and causes of action arising out of any defects or failure to perform, alleged or otherwise, of the Products and Licensed Products or any material used in connection therewith or any use thereof.
Party shall be responsible to pay the deductible under any such insurance policies with respect to any claims made under such policies.
Party agrees to furnish the Party Parties a certificate of insurance evidencing same within thirty (30) days after execution of this Agreement and, in no event, shall Party manufacture, distribute, advertise, or sell the Licensed Products prior to receipt by the Party Parties of such evidence of insurance.
The policy shall provide for ten (10) days notice to the Party Parties from the insurer by Registered or Certified Mail, return receipt requested, in the event of any modification, cancellation, or termination thereof.
Party shall be responsible to provide for any appearances pursuant to this Agreement by Endorser appropriate certificates of insurance with coverage limits of at least Five Million Dollars (US$5,000,000) per occurrence endorsed to name the Party Parties as additional named insureds with respect to claims arising out of appearances by Endorser.
The Parties shall provide written proof of such insurance to each other upon request.
At all times from the first commercial sale of any Product(s) or after the Effective Date through the date which is five (5) years after the final sale of such Product(s), the Parties will maintain general liability insurance in amounts that are reasonable and customary in the pharmaceutical industry, provided in no event shall the general liability insurance amounts be less than five million dollars ($5,000,000) per occurrence and ten million dollars ($10,000,000) in the aggregate limit of liability per year.
During the Term, the Supplier shall maintain product liability insurance with a reputable insurer of no less than AU$10 million for any one occurrence for any and all liability (however arising) for a claim that the Products are faulty or defective.
The Supplier shall add the distributor to their current insurance certificate.
During the Term, Franchisee shall maintain policies of insurance as may be requested by Franchisor, subject to applicable law, in relation to the Smaaash Centres.
Customer is responsible for obtaining and maintaining personal property insurance sufficient to cover the value of Customer Components;
Insurance policies purchased to comply with this Article Seven will be kept in force for at least […***…] after the last sale of licensed Product.
The insurance will include coverage for product liability with a minimum of […***…] dollars ($[…***…]) per occurrence and [… ***…] dollars ($[…***…]) annual aggregate, coverage for contractual liability, clinical trials liability if any such trial is performed, bodily injury and property damage, including completed operations, personal injury, coverage for contractual employees, blanket contractual and products, and all other coverages standard for such policies.
The insurance will identify Party Indemnitees as additional insureds and will provide that the carrier will notify Party in writing at least […***…] prior to cancellation, non-renewal, or material change in coverage. Should Party fail to obtain replacement insurance providing comparable coverage within such […***…] period, Party will have the right to termination this Agreement effective as of the end of the […***…] period without notice or any additional cure period.
At Party's request, such request to be made no more than annually, Party will provide Party with a certificate of insurance and notices of subsequent renewals for its insurance and that of Affiliates extended rights under this Agreement and of sublicensees.
Such insurance will additionally include errors and omissions insurance with a minimum of […***…] dollars ($[…***…]) per occurrence.
Partyara, Affiliates, and sublicensees will obtain and maintain commercial general liability insurance with a reputable and financially secure insurance carrier prior to clinical testing, making, using, importing, offering to sell, or selling any licensed Product or engaging in any other act involving any licensed Product or the patent rights, if such act could possibly create risk of a claim against University Indemnitees for personal injury or property damage.
Each Party shall provide a certificate of insurance (or evidence of self-insurance) evidencing such coverage to the other Party upon reques
Each Party shall provide the other Party with prompt written notice of any cancellation, non-renewal or material change in such insurance that could materially adversely affect the rights of the other Party hereunder, and shall provide such notice within thirty (30) days after any such cancellation, non-renewal or material change.
Each Party, at its own expense, shall maintain comprehensive general liability, product liability and other appropriate insurance for the activities such Party undertakes pursuant to this Agreement, from reputable and financially secure insurance carriers in a form and at levels consistent with sound business practice and adequate in light of its obligations under this Agreement.
Upon Party's request, Party will furnish Party with a Certificate of Insurance of each product liability insurance policy obtained.
Party shall be listed as an additional insured in Company's said insurance policies
Prior to first commercial sale of any LICENSED PRODUCT(S) or LICENSED SERVICE(S) as the case may be in any particular country, Company shall establish and maintain, in each country in which Company shall sell LICENSED PRODUCT(S) or LICENSED SERVICE(S), product liability or other appropriate insurance coverage appropriate to the risks involved in marketing LICENSED PRODUCT(S) and/or LICENSED SERVICE(S) and will annually present evidence to Party that such coverage is being maintained
Workers' Compensation insurance with benefits afforded under the laws of any state in which the Work is to be performed and Employers Liability insurance with limits of at least:

$500,000 for Bodily Injury - each accident $500,000 for Bodily Injury by disease - policy limits $500,000 for Bodily Injury by disease - each employee
If applicable, Vendor will maintain Products/Completed Operations for at least two (2) years following completion of the Work.
To the extent that Vendor utilizes drones, Aircraft Liability insurance covering drones and similar devices, with limits of One Million and No/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00) combined single limit for bodily injury and property damage and providing coverage on a worldwide basis and including commercial use and hired operations.
To the fullest extent allowable by Law, the policy must include a waiver of subrogation in favor of AT&T, its Affiliates, and their directors, officers and employees. I
Umbrella/Excess Liability insurance with limits of at least $10,000,000 each occurrence, claim or wrongful act with terms and conditions at least as broad as the underlying Commercial General Liability, Business Automobile Liability, and Employers Liability policies. Umbrella/Excess Liability limits will be primary and non-contributory with respect to any insurance or self-insurance that is maintained by AT&T.
Professional Liability (Errors & Omissions) insurance with limits of at least $5,000,000 each claim or wrongful act.
The Commercial General Liability insurance policy must:

1. include AT&T, its Affiliates, and their directors, officers, and employees as additional insureds. Vendor shall provide a copy of the additional insured endorsement to AT&T. The additional insured endorsement may either be specific to AT&T or may be "blanket" or "automatic" addressing any Person as required by contract. A copy of the additional insured endorsement must be provided within sixty (60) days of execution of this Agreement and within sixty (60) days of each Commercial General Liability policy renewal;

2. include a waiver of subrogation in favor of AT&T, its Affiliates, and their directors, officers and employees; and

3. be primary and non-contributory with respect to any insurance or self-insurance that is maintained by AT&T.
At all times and at Vendor's expense, Vendor shall maintain property insurance for all perils, for full replacement cost for all property of AT&T in the care, custody and control of the Vendor.
With respect to Vendor's performance under this Agreement, and in addition to Vendor's obligation to indemnify, Vendor shall at its sole cost and expense:

(i) maintain the insurance coverages and limits required by this Section and any additional insurance and/or bonds required by Laws:

1. at all times during the term of this Agreement and until completion of all Work associated with this Agreement, whichever is later; and

2. with respect to any coverage maintained in a "claims-made" policy, for two (2) years following the term of this Agreement or completion of all Work associated with this Agreement, whichever is later. If a "claims-made" policy is maintained, the retroactive date must precede the commencement of Work under this Agreement;

(ii) require each Subcontractor who may perform Work under this Agreement or enter upon any Cell Site to maintain coverages, requirements, and limits at least as broad as those listed in this Section, when prorated for the value of the Work to be performed by such Subcontractor from the time when the Subcontractor begins Work, throughout the term of the Subcontractor's Work and, with respect to any coverage maintained on a "claims made" policy, if any, for two (2) years thereafter;

(iii) procure the required insurance from an insurance company eligible to do business in the state or states where Work will be performed and having and maintaining a Financial Strength Rating of "A-" or better and a Financial Size Category of "VII" or better, as rated in the A.M. Best Key Rating Guide for Partyasualty Insurance Companies, except that, in the case of Workers' Compensation insurance, Vendor may procure insurance from the state fund of the state where Work is to be performed; and<omitted>(iv) if requested, provide to AT&T or AT&T's third party administrator certificates of insurance stating the types of insurance and policy limits. Vendor shall provide or have the issuing insurance company provide at least thirty (30) days' advance written notice of cancellation, non-renewal, or reduction in insurance coverage, terms, or limits.
In states where Workers' Compensation insurance is a monopolistic state-run system, Vendor shall add Stop Gap Employers Liability with limits not less than $500,000 each accident or disease.
Commercial General Liability insurance written on Party (Party) Form CG 00 01 12 04 or a substitute form providing equivalent coverage, covering liability arising from premises, operations, personal injury, products/completed operations, and liability assumed under an insured contract (including the tort liability of another assumed in a business contract) with limits of at least:

$2,000,000 General Aggregate limit $1,000,000 each occurrence limit for all bodily injury or property damage incurred in any one (1) occurrence $1,000,000 each occurrence limit for Personal Injury and Advertising Injury

Proprietary and Confidential This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and third party representatives, and Vendor except under written agreement by the contracting parties. 26

Source: ATN INTERNATIONAL, Location., 10-Q, 11/8/2019





$1,000,000 each occurrence limit for Products/Completed Operations
Explosion, Collapse, and Underground Damage Liability will have the same limit requirement as the Commercial General Liability policy.
The Parties agree that:

(i) the failure of AT&T to request such certificate of insurance or failure of AT&T to identify a deficiency will not be construed as a waiver of Vendor's obligation to maintain the insurance required under this Agreement;

(ii) the insurance required under this Agreement does not represent that coverage and limits will necessarily be adequate to protect Vendor, nor shall it be deemed as a limitation on Vendor's liability to AT&T in this Agreement;

(iii) Vendor may meet the required insurance coverages and limits below with any combination of primary and Umbrella/Excess liability insurance; and

(iv) Vendor is responsible for any deductible or self-insured retention.
Property Insurance with limits sufficient to cover the full replacement cost of all of the Cell Sites against direct and indirect loss or damage by fire and all other casualties and risks covered under "all risk" insurance respecting the tower and other improvements located at the Cell Site(s).
Business Automobile Liability insurance if vehicles will be used in the performance of the Agreement with limits of at least $1,000,000 each accident for bodily injury and property damage, extending to all owned, hired, and non-owned vehicles. AT&T, its Affiliates and their directors, officers and employees shall be included as additional insureds on a primary and non-contributory basis.
At all times during the Term without cost to Owner, Operator shall maintain in force the following insurance, which insurance shall not be subject to cancellation, termination or other material adverse changes unless the insurer delivers to Owner<omitted>written notice of the cancellation, termination or change at least thirty (30) days in advance of the effective date of the cancellation, termination or material adverse change:

(a) Worker's Compensation Insurance as required by the laws of the state where Operator's facilities are located;

(b) Employer's liability insurance with limits not less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000); and

(c) Commercial General Liability Insurance, including bodily injury and property damage liability including premises operations, contractual liability endorsements, products liability and completed operations with limits not less than Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000).
Customer specifically agrees to maintain insurance coverage for any finished Products or materials which passes to Customer pursuant to this Agreement and which is stored on the premises of Contractor.
At the time of entering this Agreement, each Party shall be fully insured and shall duly maintain such insurance during the term of this Agreement and thereafter for so long as it customarily maintains insurance for itself for similar products and activities.
Each Party shall maintain (a) comprehensive general liability insurance (including without limitation, coverage for bodily injury, personal injury, property damage, casualty loss and contractual and trademark liability); and (b) product liability insurance, providing full indemnification and defense against claims, liabilities, damages, demands and causes of action, alleged or actual, arising out of any defects in or use of the Product under this Agreement (including manufacturing, design, warning, or instruction claims), in such amounts as it customarily maintains for similar products and activities, but in no event less than $5,000,000 per individual claim and $10,000,000 in the aggregate
Each Party shall cause such insurance policies to provide that the other Party shall be given at least thirty (30) days' notice of any cancellation, termination or change in such insurance.
Manufacturer shall furnish to Customer certificates of insurance (electronic is acceptable), evidencing the required insurance coverage, upon execution of this Agreement and annually, thereafter.
Automobile Party Truck Liability Insurance: $2,000,000 combined single limit for bodily injury Party property damage arising out of all owned, non- owned Party hired vehicles, including coverage for all automotive Party truck equipment used in the performance of this Agreement Party including the loading Party unloading of same.
Partyll insurance carriers shall have a minimum of "Party-" Party.Party. Party rating.
To the extent of the liabilities assumed by Manufacturer under this Agreement, such insurance policies of Manufacturer shall be primary and non-contributing with respect to any other similar insurance policies available to Customer or its Affiliates.
The insurance required under this Section 11 shall be written for not less than any limits of liability specified herein or as required by applicable Law, whichever is greater.
Partyommercial general liability insurance with the following limits and forms/endorsements:

Each Occurrence: $2,000,000 (i) Occurrence form including premises and operations coverage, property damage, liability, personal injury coverage, products and completed operations coverage, and transit. (ii) To the extent of Manufacturer's indemnification obligations, Partyustomer and its Affiliates shall be additional insureds via ISO form PartyG20101185 or its equivalent.
During the Term, Manufacturer shall self-insure or shall provide and maintain such insurance coverage, in minimum types and amounts as described below in this Section 11.
Any and all deductibles or retentions for such insurance policies shall be assumed by, for the account of, and at Manufacturer's sole risk.
Umbrella (excess) liability coverage in an amount not less than $3,000,000 per occurrence and in the aggregate.
Manufacturer shall have the right to provide the total limits required by any combination of self-insurance, primary and umbrella/excess coverage; said insurance to include the following: (a) Insurance for liability under the workers' compensation or occupational disease Laws of any state of the Location (or be a qualified self-insurer in those states of the Location) or otherwise applicable with respect to Persons performing the services and employer's liability insurance covering all claims by or in respect to the employees of Manufacturer, providing: (i) Coverage for the statutory limits of all claims under the applicable State Workers' Compensation Act or Acts. If a Facility Addendum will result in exposures under the U.S. Longshore and Harbor Workers' Compensation Act and its amendments (work dockside or on water), the Jones Act (involving seamen, masters and crew of vessels) or the Federal Employers' Liability Act (railroad exposure), coverage shall be extended to include insurance coverages mandated thereby; (ii) Employer's liability insurance with a limit of not less than $1,000,000; (iii) Manufacturer warrants that all of its employees involved in this Agreement are covered by statutory workers' compensation; and -65-

Source: Party, 10-12G, 1/21/2020





(iv) Where allowed by Applicable Law, Customer and its Affiliates shall be provided a waiver of subrogation, except for losses due to the sole negligence of Manufacturer.
Each party shall carry appropriate and commercially reasonable amounts of insurance adequate for the activities detailed in this Agreement, as well as sufficient levels of all legally mandated insurance, if any.
The foregoing insurance policies shall name Party as the insured and Party as additional insured (except for WorkersParty).
In no event shall any insurer have a Party rating of less than (A-) of class size VII.
The certificates shall provide that Calm will be given at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of cancellation or any material change in these policies.
With respect to the foregoing, Party shall provide to Calm certificate(s) evidencing such insurance prior to or upon execution of this Agreement.
Party shall obtain, and thereafter maintain during the Term, the following insurance: (a) Special form property policy covering all stock on premises of the Store, including with respect to all Product Collateral; (b) Workers' Compensation Insurance in the statutorily required amount (or Party shall participate in the appropriate state fund if such insurance is not available or allowed), together with Partyployer's Liability Insurance with a limit of $1,000,000 for each accident; and (c) Commercial General Liability insurance, (including fire liability, contractual liability, personal injury, product liability and completed operations coverage) in the amount of not less than $3,000,000 combined single limit with umbrella liability coverage with a limit of not less than $10,000,000;
If any such insurance is on a "claims made" basis, Party shall maintain coverage thereunder for a period of at least two (2) years following the termination of this Agreement.
Each of Customer and Supplier shall, upon request by the other, provide the other Party with a copy of all insurance policies maintained under this Article 15 relating to the Manufacture of the Product in bulk quantities and the facilities therefor and shall notify the other Party in writing at least 30 days prior to the cancellation of or any material change to such insurance policies.
Customer and Supplier each represent that they are sufficiently insured against any liability arising under this Agreement.
Each Party may request that the other Party procure and maintain such additional insurance coverage relating to the Manufacture of the Product and the facilities therefore as may be reasonably necessary in respect of the Parties' respective obligations under this Agreement.
The cost of storage, monitoring (including any on-going analytical analysis), and insurance before shipment shall be borne by [* * *].
Each Party agrees to obtain and maintain, during the Term and for five (5) years after the Term, commercial general liability insurance, including products liability insurance, with minimum "A-" AM Best rated insurance carriers, in each case with limits of not less than five million dollars ($5,000,000) per occurrence and in the aggregate
Party and its Affiliates will be an additional insured on Party's commercial general liability and products liability policies, and be provided with a waiver of subrogation.
Each Party acknowledges and agrees that during the Term, it shall maintain, through purchase or self- insurance, adequate insurance, including products liability coverage and comprehensive general liability insurance, adequate to cover its obligations under this Agreement and which are consistent with normal business practices of prudent companies similarly situated.
Party and Party shall maintain such insurance throughout the Term, and shall from time to time provide copies of certificates of such insurance the other Party upon request.
Party and Party shall each, at their sole cost and expense, procure and maintain (a) commercial general liability insurance in amounts not less than $[***] per incident and $[***] annual aggregate, and (c) product liability insurance in amounts not less than $[***] annual aggregate, and each naming the other Party as additional insured.
In the event of any material change or cancellation of the required insurance policies, the applicable Party will provide the other Party with thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice and will promptly replace such insurance policy in accordance with this Section 15, without lapse in coverage.
Upon the execution of this Agreement or at any time at a Party's request during the term of this Agreement, the other Party shall provide the requesting Party with evidence of the aforementioned insurance coverage in the form of a certificate of insurance acceptable to the requesting Party.
Both Parties shall, at all times during the currency of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the termination or expiration of this Agreement, maintain the following policies of insurance in effect: (i) a comprehensive general liability insurance policy, with minimum coverage of $1,000,000 per occurrence and in the annual aggregate for product liability and completed operations, covering bodily and personal injury, including death, and property damage, including loss of use; and (ii) an information and network technology blended liability insurance policy with an insured limit of at least $1,000,000 in the aggregate.
Constellation shall, at its own expense, secure and maintain in full force and effect throughout the Term (a) insurance coverage for defamation, trademark and service mark infringement, unfair competition, copyright infringement, and infringement of a person's right of publicity and right of privacy from a carrier with an A.Party. Best rating of A10 or better in an amount not less than [***] per occurrence; and (b) a general liability insurance policy from a carrier with an A.Party. Best rating of A10 or better in an amount not less than [***] in aggregate.
Constellation shall provide the HOF Entities with certificates of insurance, naming each HOF Entity as an additional insured, evidencing the existence of such insurance policies within ten (10) days after execution of this Agreement.
Each Party shall obtain and maintain, for the Term (i) commercial general liability insurance with a single combined liability limit of at least $5,000,000 per occurrence, (ii) workers compensation/employer's liability insurance with a liability limit of at least $1,000,000 per occurrence or, if greater, the statutory minimum, and (iii) "all risk" property insurance on a replacement cost basis adequate to cover all assets and business interruption Losses that a Party may suffer in connection with or arising out of this Agreement, subject to policy limits, and in the case of the policies described in clause (i) above, naming the other Party as an additional insured thereunder.
Sponsors must have their own liability insurance with limits of one million dollars.
The Manufacturing Companies utilised by the Agent to manufacture the products listed in Schedule A of this agreement shall maintain throughout the term of this agreement product liability insurance issued by a reputable insurance company under standard terms and conditions in the industry to cover the liability of the Customer and to indemnity the Customer from any costs, expenses, loss or damages resulting from any act, neglect or default of the company.
The Customer shall at all times during the term of this agreement maintain product liability insurance, covering all products sold by the Manufacturer to the Customer and which policy shall name the Manufacturer as Additional Insured.
The insurance shall be in an amount of: $2,000,000 per occurrence and $2,000,000 aggregate with a $2,000,000 aggregate for products and completed operations.
During the term of this Agreement, and before any sponsorship or promotional activities are conducted under this Agreement, Company shall obtain and maintain at its expense, Commercial General Liability Insurance coverage with an insurance carrier with a Party's rating of A+.
The Party must be a named additional insured, and shall be provided at least 30 days' notice for cancellation of policy and 10 days' notice for non-payment of premium.
Such insurance shall be primary and non-contributory.
To be covered by the Seller for 110% invoice value against Party Partys and War Party.
An insuring Party must deliver the following written evidence of the required insurance coverage to the other Party (Attention: Party), or its designated insurance monitoring service, within ten (10) of written request and at least thirty (30) days in advance of the expiration of a then current policy term (if a declaration or endorsement is not available from an insurer at the time requested or required, an insuring Party will provide them as soon as the declaration or endorsement is available from the insurer): i. Certificate of insurance confirming that the required insurance coverage and minimal limits are met for the extended, renewed or replacement policy term. ii. Declaration pages of insurance policy (or a copy of the binder until the declaration pages are available) confirming that the required insurance coverage and minimal limits are met for the extended, renewed or replacement policy term. iii. Copies of additional insured endorsements required for applicable policies in the name and for the benefit of: "[NAME OF OTHER PARTY], its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates; any lessors of the foregoing and any mortgagees, deed of trust beneficiaries and secured creditors of such lessors; and any successors and assignees of all of the foregoing." iv. Copies of alternate employer endorsements and waiver of subrogation endorsements required for applicable policies in the name and for the benefit of: ""[NAME OF OTHER PARTY], its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates; any lessors of the foregoing and any mortgagees, deed of trust beneficiaries and secured creditors of such lessors; and any successors and assignees of all of the foregoing."
Workers' Compensation Liability Insurance. Occurrence based coverage providing benefits in the minimal amount required by Applicable Law for workplace Party work related injuries Party illnesses to the employees of a Party, including, without limitation, Workers Compensation Acts of applicable Location.Location. Locationtates, the Location.Location. Longshoremen's Party Harbor Workers Compensation Act Party the Location.Location. Jones Act. Requires alternate employer endorsement Party waiver of subrogation endorsement.
Automobile Liability Insurance. Occurrence based coverage with a combined single limit of at least $10,000,000 per occurrence and in the aggregate for owned, non-owned, and hired automotive equipment of the Party. Requires additional insured endorsement and waiver of subrogation endorsement.
Property Insurance. Coverage providing "all risk" property insurance at the replacement value of the machinery, equipment, fixtures, tools, materials and other property of the Party. "All risk" coverage will include, by way of example and not limitation, loss or damage resulting from earthquakes, floods, wind, fire or other natural or weather-related phenomenon. Requires waiver of subrogation endorsement.
Commercial General Liability Insurance. Occurrence based coverage with a combined single limit of at least $10,000,000 per occurrence and in the aggregate for premises and operations; products and completed operations; contractual liability coverage for indemnities of a Party contained within this Agreement; broad form property damage (including completed operations); explosion, collapse and underground hazards; and personal injury. Requires additional insured endorsement and waiver of subrogation endorsement.
Employers' Liability Insurance. Occurrence based coverage with a limit of at least $10,000,000 per occurrence or any greater limits set by Applicable Law workplace and work related injuries and illnesses to the employees of a Party. Requires waiver of alternate employer endorsement.
Partyll insurers of a Party on such policies must have at all times an Party.Party. Party financial rating of at least "Party-Partyinus VII".
All insurance of an insuring Party must be "primary and non-contributory" with respect to any insurance that the other Party may maintain, but only with respect to the negligence or other legal liability of the insuring Party.
During the Term of this Agreement, each Party will maintain the following minimum types and amounts of insurance coverage during the Term of this Agreement:
In addition to vehicle personnel insurance, Party B shall at least purchase injury insurance for two persons with coverage not lower than RMB500,000 per person.
The coverage of third-party liability insurance shall not be lower than RMB1 million.
Party B shall purchase sufficient insurance for the transportation vehicles.
Company will at its expense, prior to the Launch Date obtain, and thereafter throughout the Term and for a period of six (6) months thereafter maintain, such policy or policies of insurance as is commercially reasonable for the transactions and business contemplated by this Agreement.
Company will not modify or terminate any coverage without giving at least thirty (30) days' prior written notice to Party.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Party will ensure that such policies contain a waiver of subrogation against Party, name Party and its assignees as additional insureds.
Upon request from Party, Company will furnish to Party certificates of insurance and such other documentation relating to such policies as Party may reasonably request.
Partyffiliate shall maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies insurance on the  Theatres and the Equipment in such amounts and against such perils as Partyffiliate deems adequate for its business.
Party shall maintain  with financially sound and reputable insurance companies insurance for its business and Equipment in such amounts and against such perils as  Party deems adequate for its business, including the installation services set forth in Section 2.2 herein.
Each Party will name the other Party  (including its agents, officers, directors, employees and affiliates) as an additional insured on such policies of insurance.
Network has procured, and shall maintain during the Term, at its sole expense, Commercial General Liability insurance at liability limits of not less than $1,000,000 each occurrence and $2,000,000 in the aggregate
Affiliate shall be named as an additional insured on the policies, and, prior to the Affiliate Launch Date, shall receive certificates evidencing such insurance, providing that such coverage will not be cancelled or materially changed except upon 30 days' prior written notice to Affiliate.
Additionally, Party will procure on or before the Affiliate Launch Date, and shall maintain during the Term, at its sole expense, Errors and Omissions insurance that covers Party's media activities at a liability limit of $1,000,000 in any one (1) policy period.
In this regarding, within thirty (30) days from the  execution of this Agreement, Party will secure an insurance policy with limits of $5,000,000 per event and $ 5,000,000 umbrella,  naming Party as an additional insured, covering the losses and claims stated in this sub-paragraph d.
Company agrees to provide and maintain, at its own expense, general commercial and product liability insurance.
A copy of such insurance policy shall be provided to Location within thirty (30) days after execution of this Agreement.
Such insurance policy  shall be maintained with limits of not less than two million dollars ($2,000,000).
Company agrees, at its own expense, to obtain and maintain general comprehensive liability insurance, with an insurance  company that has a rating of A++ (per Party), insuring Party as a "named insured party", against any claims, suits, losses and damages  arising out of or caused by Company's use of Party's Likeness.
Media Liability insurance with limits not less than $2,000,000 per occurrence and aggregate.
Party agrees to provide and maintain at its own expense, the following insurance coverages:
Umbrella / Excess Liability coverage inclusive of product liability with limits not less than $5,000,000 per  occurrence and aggregate.
Commercial General Liability coverage of product liability with limits no less than $1,000,000 per occurrence  and $2,000,000 aggregate.
The Celebrity shall be named as an additional insured on coverages A, B and C.
Party shall procure and maintain insurance, including clinical trials insurance and product liability insurance, adequate to cover its obligations hereunder and which is consistent with normal business practices of prudent companies similarly situated at all times during which the Product is being clinically tested in human subjects or commercially distributed or sold by Party pursuant to this Agreement; provided, that any such clinical trials insurance coverage shall, prior to the First Commercial Sale of a Product, in no event be less than [***] Dollars ($[***]) per loss occurrence, and product liability insurance coverage shall, after such First Commercial Sale, in no event be less than [***] Dollars ($[***]) per loss occurrence.
Party shall provide Party with written evidence of such insurance prior to commencement of this Agreement and upon expiration of any one coverage. Party shall provide Party with written notice at least [***] ([***]) days prior to the cancellation, nonrenewal or material change in such insurance or self-insurance which materially adversely affects the rights of Party hereunder.
Developer also shall carry such worker's compensation insurance as may be required by applicable law.
Franchisor shall be named as an additional insured on all such insurance policies and shall be provided with certificates of insurance evidencing such coverage.
All public liability and property damage policies shall contain a provision that Party, although named as an insured, shall nevertheless be entitled to recover under such policies on any loss incurred by Party, its affiliates, agents and/or employees, by reason of the negligence of Developer, its principals, contractors, agents and/or employees.
In the event that Developer fails or refuses to obtain or maintain the required insurance coverage from an insurance carrier acceptable to Party, Franchisor may, as its sole and absolute right and without any obligations to do so, procure such coverage for Developer.
Throughout the term of this Agreement, Developer shall obtain and maintain insurance coverage for public liability, including products liability, in the amount of at least One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) combined single limit.
All policies shall provide Franchisor with at least thirty (30) days' notice of cancellation or termination of coverage.
The types of insurance, and minimum limits shall be:

(a) Worker's Compensation with statutory limits in compliance with the Worker's Compensation laws of the state or states in which the Party has employees in the Location (excluding Location).

(b) Employer's Liability coverage with a minimum limit of [***] provided that a Party has employees in the Location (excluding Location).<omitted>(c) General Liability Insurance with a minimum limit of [***] and [***] in the aggregate. General Liability Insurance shall include Clinical Trial Insurance. The limits may be met with a combination of primary and commercial umbrella insurance.
Upon request by a Party, the other Party shall provide Certificates of Insurance evidencing compliance with this Section. The insurance policies shall be under an occurrence form, but if only a claims-made form is available to a Party, then such Party shall continue to maintain such insurance after the expiration or termination of this Agreement for the longer of (a) a period of [***] following termination or expiration of this Agreement in its entirety, or (b) with respect to a particular Party, [***] by a Party.
Such insurance (a) shall be primary insurance with respect to each Party's own participation under this Partygreement, (b) shall be issued by a recognized insurer rated by Party.Party "Party-VII" (or its equivalent) or better, or an insurer pre- approved in writing by the other Party, and (c) shall list the other Party as an additional insured under the General Liability Policy.
Each Party shall obtain and carry in full force and effect the minimum insurance requirements set forth herein.
In any instance to which such indemnities pertain, Party shall obtain and maintain necessary insurance, including, without limitation, Commercial General Liability Insurance, including product liability insurance, trademark infringement, copyright infringement, defamation, contractual liability and personal and advertising injury liability insurance in an amount no less than ten million dollars ($10,000,000.00) per occurrence and ten million dollars ($10,000,000.00) aggregate combined single limit.
T&B and Tarek El Moussa shall be named as an additional insured on such insurance and proof of such inclusion shall be provided to T&B.
To the extent any insurance coverage required under this Agreement is purchased on a "claims-made" basis, such insurance shall cover all prior acts of Party during the term of this Agreement, and such insurance shall be continuously maintained until at least two (2) years beyond the expiration or termination of the term of this Agreement, or Party shall purchase "tail" coverage, effective upon termination of any such policy or upon termination or expiration of the term of this Agreement, to provide coverage for at least two (2) years from the occurrence of either such event.
Party shall obtain, pay for, and maintain insurance meeting or exceeding the minimum insurance requirements set forth on Schedule 2 attached hereto, with policy terms satisfactory to Party.
Party shall obtain, pay for, and maintain in full force and effect throughout the term of this Agreement insurance as follows: (a) Workers' Partympensation and Employers' Liability insurance with limits to conform with the greater of the amount required by applicable law or one million dollars ($1,000,000) each accident, including occupational disease coverage and an endorsement to the Workers' Partympensation and Employers' Liability insurance policy, in form acceptable to Party, containing a waiver of subrogation by the insurance carrier with respect to Party and its parent, subsidiaries, divisions and Affiliates, and all of their respective directors, officers, shareholders, employees and representatives; (b) Partymmercial General Liability insurance with limits of not less than five million dollars ($5,000,000) combined single limit for bodily injury, death, and property damage, including personal injury, contractual liability, independent contractors, broad- form property damage, and products and completed operations coverage; and, (c) Partymmercial Automobile Liability insurance with limits of not less than one million dollars ($1,000,000) each occurrence combined single limit of liability for bodily injury, death, and property damage, including owned and non-owned and hired automobile coverages, as applicable.
Party shall, at its own expense: (c) keep the Licensed Equipment in a suitable place, safe from loss or damage; (d) subscribe to an insurance policy from an insurance company reasonably acceptable to Party covering the Licensed Equipment at full replacement value against fire, theft and such other normal business risks, with a waiver of subrogation in favor of Party and with Party to be named as an additional insured and loss payee, and provide, upon receipt of a written request from Party, a certificate evidencing such insurance, and comply with all requirements associated with such insurance policy;
Party's liability under the Agreement shall not be limited or modified in any way by the amount or terms of any insurance it is required to maintain hereunder.
Party will obtain such Clinical Trials Liability insurance on a global basis, and, if required, supplemented Clinical Trials Liability Insurance in the Location, at its expense and Party will obtain supplemental Clinical Trials Liability insurance for the Party Location and on a country specific basis in the European Clinical Trial Countries as required by Applicable Law at its expense, which will be considered Development Costs.
Coverage must be maintained for as long as required by Applicable Law in each country after release of the last Subject from the Clinical Trials or where there is no legal requirement at least [***] after the termination of this Agreement.
Commencing as of the start of the Clinical Trials and thereafter, during the Term (or longer if otherwise stated below), at a minimum, each Party will maintain the following types of insurance coverage at a minimum level that is the greater of (a) the highest minimum level required by Applicable Law in the countries in which the Clinical Trials and other obligations hereunder are being performed or (b) the following (to the extent different).
Coverage must be maintained for at least [***] after the later of (i) expiration or early termination of this Agreement and (ii) release of the last Subject from the Clinical Trials.
Each Party will include the other Party and its Affiliates as additional insured parties on such Party's Clinical Trial Liability insurance, as set forth in Section 12.3.2.3 for [***] after the later of termination of this Agreement or release of the last Subject from the Clinical Trials.
Prior to a Program Transfer, Party will be responsible for maintaining product liability insurance related to the Development and<omitted>Commercialization of the Product at its expense with Party to be named as an additional insured party.
Any subcontractor, including any Permitted Third Party, who provides professional services to such Party for the Clinical Trials, will obtain Professional Liability Insurance in lieu of Clinical Trial Insurance, with a minimum limit of [***] dollars ($[***]) per occurrence.
Any deductibles for such insurance policies will be assumed by the insuring Party.
Umbrella Excess Liability: [***] dollars ($[***]) per occurrence.
From and after a Program Transfer, Party will be responsible for maintaining product liability insurance related to the Development and Commercialization of the Product at its expense with Party to be named as an additional insured party.
Commercial General Liability: [***] dollars ($[***]) per occurrence; [***] dollars ($[***]) Product and Completed Operations aggregate, including Premises & Operations, Personal Injury, Product and Completed Operations; [***] dollars ($[***]) combined single limit on all owned, non-owned and hired vehicles of such Party.
Clinical Trials Liability: [***] dollars ($[***]) per occurrence.
Commencing as of the Effective Date and thereafter during the Development Term, and subject to Section 12.3.2 below, each Party will carry and maintain, at its own expense, insurance coverage of the kind and with liability limits that, at a minimum, satisfy the requirements of Section 12.3.2, to protect itself and the other Party against any claims or liabilities that may arise from the conduct of the Clinical Trials and all other rights and obligations hereunder with insurers with a minimum "A-" A.Party. Party rating.
Each Party shall procure and maintain insurance, including product liability insurance, with respect to its activities hereunder and under the Ancillary Agreements and which is consistent with normal business practices of companies similarly situated at all times during which any SHP2 Inhibitors or Product is being clinically tested in human subjects or commercially distributed or sold.
Each Party shall provide the other Party with evidence of such insurance upon request and, in the case of Party, shall provide Party with written notice at least [***] prior to the cancellation, non-renewal or material changes in such insurance.
Combined single limit for bodily and property damage of not less than $1,000,000 for each occurrence and $2,000,000 annual aggregate providing: ● Assault and Battery coverage, ● Broad form property damage coverage, ● Broad form contractual liability coverage, ● Products and completed operations coverage, and ● Personal and advertising injury coverage.
The Insurance shall be primary for all purposes to other insurance coverage, whether such other insurance is stated to be primary, contributory, excess, contingent or otherwise, without recourse to or contribution from any Sekisui-owned coverage.
Sekisui shall be named as an additional insured with respect to the Insurance.
insurance program that is approved by Party. Qualigen shall provide Party, upon request, with written evidence of the Insurance, including where it is provided through qualified self-insurance.
Workers' Compensation and Employer's Liability Insurance - With limits of liability for: ● Workers' compensation as required by statute; ● Employer's liability for bodily injury by accident: $500,000 each accident; bodily injury by disease: $500,000 policy limit; and bodily injury by disease: $500,000 each employee.
Qualigen, at its own expense, shall procure and maintain during the Term, insurance policies with the minimum coverages set forth below ("Insurance").
All Party's Insurance shall be placed with an insurer that (a) has an A.M. Best rating of A- or better or (b) is a qualified self- insurance program that is approved by Party.
Each party agrees to carry liability insurance sufficient to cover the risks posed under this Agreement.
The Company agrees that it shall: (i) comply with the laws and regulations that govern its business; (ii) carry reasonable amounts of insurance, whether through self-insurance or otherwise, to cover its responsibilities with respect to indemnification under Section 9 below.
Such separate endorsement shall indicate that Distributor's insurance is primary and that Party's coverage as an additional named insured is not contributory.
On a separate endorsement, Distributor shall name Party as an additional named insured.
Distributor shall, at its own expense, maintain at a minimum general and product liability coverage in the Location of at least US$2 million per occurrence, US$5 million in the aggregate.
On request, Distributor shall provide Party with copies or certificates of all such insurance policies.
ach such insurance policy and endorsement shall provide that the insurance will not be canceled or reduces without at least thirty (30) days' prior written notice to STAAR.
Each Party shall provide a certificate of insurance (or evidence of self-insurance) evidencing such coverage to the other Party upon written request.
Each Party, at its own expense, shall maintain product liability and other appropriate insurance (or self- insure) in an amount consistent with industry standards during the Term.
Insurance must be obtained from a company reasonably acceptable to Party, in an amount not less than Five Million Location States Dollars ($5,000,000 USD) in the aggregate, or Party'S standard insurance policy limits, whichever is greater.
Within five (5) business days of the date on which this Agreement is fully executed, Party shall submit to Party a certificate of insurance naming each of Party, Party and Party as additional insureds ("COI"), which COI, or a renewal or replacement thereof, shall remain in force at all times during the Insurance Period, and shall require the insurer to provide at least thirty (30) days' prior written notice to Party, and all additional insureds, of any termination, cancellation or modification thereof.
Party shall procure and maintain, at its sole cost and expense, and use commercially reasonable efforts cause its Sub-Contractors to obtain, at their sole cost and expense, during the Term and for a period of three (3) years thereafter ("Insurance Period"), comprehensive general liability insurance (including, without limitation, product liability insurance, inventory insurance, worker's compensation insurance, and advertising injury insurance), to defend and protect the Parties against claims arising out of or in connection with Party's business, the Materials, the Products, and Advertisements therefor.
You must also cause the general contractor to maintain workers' compensation and employer's liability insurance as may be required by law.
You agree that you will do all of the following things:<omitted>(f) obtain and maintain in force during the entire period of construction the insurance required under this Agreement or as otherwise specified in the Manuals;
Throughout the entire Term, you must maintain such types of insurance, in such amounts, as we may require.
If we do so and you choose not to use our recommended construction manager, you must hire a general contractor who is reasonably acceptable to us and who must have the following minimum insurance coverage: (a) commercial general liability in an amount of $2,000,000 combined single limit; (b) comprehensive automobile liability for owned, hired and non-owned motor vehicles in an amount of $1,000,000 combined single limit; (c) workers' compensation, occupational diseases and disability benefits in accordance with applicable statutory requirements; (d) employers' liability in an amount of $1,000,000; (e) employee fidelity bond of $2,000,000; and (f) umbrella form excess liability insurance in excess of the limits provided by the commercial general liability policy required above with limits of $3,000,000 per occurrence and annual aggregate.
Policies that we require must be written by an insurance company reasonably satisfactory to us with an A.Party. Party rating of "A" or better, and, must name us as an additional insured party.
By the dates specified below, an approved insurance company must issue a certificate of insurance showing compliance with the insurance requirements in this Section 6.19 [Insurance] and you must furnish us with a paid receipt showing the certificate number: (a) 30 days before beginning construction of the Premises; (b) if the Premises are constructed and presently owned or leased by you, 10 days from the Agreement Date; or (c) if the Premises are not presently owned or leased, 10 days after ownership of the Premises is conveyed to you or you sign a lease for the Premises. The certificate of insurance must include a statement by the insurer that the policy or policies may not be canceled, subject to nonrenewal, or materially altered without at least 30 days' prior written notice to us. Upon our request, you must supply us with copies of all insurance policies and proof of payment. Every year, you must send us current certificates of insurance and copies of all insurance policies.
Such insurance must be in the amount of at least $1,000,000 and must name us and you as an additional named insured party, as our respective interests may appear.
In connection with any construction, renovation, refurbishment, or remodeling of the Premises, you must cause the general contractor to maintain commercial general liability insurance (with comprehensive automobile liability coverage for both owned and non-owned vehicles, builder's risk, product liability, and independent contractors coverage) with a reputable insurer.
At a minimum, such policies must include the following: (a) commercial general liability insurance, completed-operations and independent-contractors coverage in the amount of $1,000,000, per person/per occurrence for bodily injury and property damage combined with a general aggregate of $3,000,000.<omitted>(b) workers'-compensation coverage in the amount of at least $100,000/$500,000/$100,000, unemployment insurance and employer's liability insurance, as well as such other insurance as may be required by statute or rule of the state in which the Franchised Business is located; (c) fire, lightning, vandalism, theft, malicious mischief, flood (if in a special flood-hazard area), sprinkler damage, and the perils described in ex-tended-coverage insurance with primary and excess limits of not less than the full-replacement value of the supplies, furniture, fixtures, equipment, machinery, inventory, and plate glass having a deductible of not more than $1,000 and naming us as a loss payee; (d) automobile liability insurance-including coverage of vehicles not owned by you, but used by employees in connection with the Franchised Business, with a combination of primary and excess limits of not less than $1,000,000; (e) commercial blanket bond in the amount of $100,000; and (f) such other insurance, in such amounts, as we reasonably require for our and your protection.
At any time, we may adjust the amounts of coverage required under such insurance policies and require different or additional kinds of insurance, including excess liability insurance.
You must obtain and maintain appropriate insurance coverage for you and for our benefit, including any minimum coverages that we may establish.
Party shall deliver to Client, upon execution of the Agreement, certificates of insurance as evidence of the  required coverages.
Such notice shall include written confirmation and details of replacement insurance coverages and  other material revisions to the policies, which shall be effective immediately upon any cancellation or material change in Party'  policies in order that no gap in coverage results.
All insurance required above shall be carried with insurance companies licensed to do business in the  state(s) where operations are maintained with a rating<omitted>of no less than A-.
Party agrees that these policies shall not be canceled or materially changed without at least thirty (30) days'  prior written notice to Client.
Party shall maintain at all times during the Term of this Agreement insurance as provided below and  shall name Client, its parent company, subsidiaries and affiliated entities and their respective officers, directors, shareholders,  agents and employees as additional insureds to the extent of indemnity provided herein under its liability policies as follows:     (i) Commercial general liability insurance including premises/operations, broad form property damage,  independent contractors, and contractual liability covering Party' obligations hereunder for bodily injury and property damage, with  a combined single limit of not less than $1,000,000 each occurrence and $6,000,000 umbrella coverage;     (ii) Workers' compensation insurance in statutory amounts covering Party and its employees; and     (iii) Errors and omissions insurance, and employer's liability insurance in an amount not less than  $1,000,000 per accident/disease.
Each party shall be responsible for maintaining Worker's Compensation insurance in the statutory amounts required by the applicable state laws.
Each party shall maintain Commercial General Liability insurance with bodily injury and property damage limits of $[*****] per occurrence and $[*****] aggregate.
Said certificate of inPartyurance Partyhall require Party'Party and JaPartyper'Party inPartyurance carrier to give Premier [***] written notice of any cancellation or change in coverage.
Party and Party shall maintain insurance of the following kinds and in the following amounts during the Term of this Agreement: i. Commercial General Liability Insurance with a limit of $[***] each occurrence and $[***] in the aggregate, including Contractual, Completed-Operations and Product-Liability Coverage with a limit of $[***] for each occurrence, covering both bodily injury and property damage liability. ii. Umbrella/Excess Liability with a limit of $[***].<omitted>iii. Workers' Compensation Coverage plus Occupational Disease Insurance if Occupational Disease coverage is required by the laws of the state where the Facility is located or work is to be performed. Employers Liability $[***] each accident; $[***] disease, each employee; $[***] disease, policy limit iv. Auto Liability $[***] combined single limit v. Product Recall Insurance coverage for Products determined to be in violation of laws administered by the authorized government entity who classifies the Products as unfit for intended use with limits of $[***] per policy year.
Premier shall remain as an additional insured on the Party's policies, for [***].
In this regard CONSULTANT shall be an additional insured under Company's applicable insurance coverages
Franchisee shall maintain at Franchisee's expense, in form, amounts and with insurers  satisfactory  to Party,  which  insurers must have an Party.M. Best  Company  rating of "Party-" or better and naming  Pretzel  Time an  additional insured,  insurance  against all types of public  liability with personal injury coverage and property damage coverage.
Such certificate shall state that said policy or policies will not be canceled or altered  without at least thirty (30) days prior  written  notice to Party and shall reflect proof of payment of premiums.
In addition to coverage as aforesaid such insurance  shall  include  coverages as set forth in the  Operations  Manual and shall contain a provision  obligating  all insurers to provide a written  notice Pretzel Time of any  cancellation  or  modification  of coverage at least thirty (30) days prior to the effective date of such modification or cancellation.
The insurance afforded by the policy or policies  respecting  liability shall  not be  limited  in any  way by  reason  of any  insurance  which  may be maintained  by  Pretzel  Time.
During the Term of the Agreement, Party shall maintain and keep in force, at its own expense, the following minimum insurance coverages and minimum limits:

workers' compensation insurance, with statutory limits as required by the various laws and regulations applicable to the employees of Party;

employer's liability insurance, for employee bodily injuries and deaths, with a limit of $500,000 each accident;

commercial general liability insurance, covering claims for bodily injury, death and property damage, including premises and operations, Party's vicarious liability for acts of independent contractors, products, services and completed operations (as applicable to the Services), personal injury, contractual, and broad-form property damage liability coverages, with combined single limit of $1,000,000 per occurrence, and a general aggregate limit of $2,000,000, for bodily injury, death and property damage;

commercial automobile liability insurance, covering owned, non-owned and hired vehicles, with combined single limit of $1,000,000 per occurrence;

umbrella liability insurance, with a minimum limit of $5,000,000 per occurrence and $5,000,000 in the aggregate;

special form property insurance, on a replacement cost basis, covering the real and personal property of Party which Party is obligated to insure by the Agreement; such real and personal property may include equipment, furniture, fixtures and supply inventory; and

employee dishonesty insurance covering dishonest acts of employees; such insurance shall include a Joint Loss Endorsement in favor of Party and be written for limits not less than $500,000.
Party shall be named as loss payee as its interest may appear on the property insurance policies of Party. Party shall be responsible for payment of any and all deductibles from insured claims under its policies of insurance.
All required policies of insurance will be placed with insurers with no less than an A.Party. Party rating of A- VII.
The policy or policies shall be written by an insurance company satisfactory to us in accordance with standards and specifications set forth in the Manuals or otherwise in writing, and shall include, at a minimum (except as different coverages and policy limits may reasonably be specified for all franchisees from time to time by us in the Manuals or otherwise in writing) the following:

            1.    All risks coverage insurance on the Franchised Restaurant and all fixtures, equipment, supplies and other property used in the operation of the Franchised Restaurant, for full repair and replacement value of the machinery, equipment, improvements and betterments, without any applicable co-insurance clause, except that an appropriate deductible clause shall be permitted.

            2.    Worker's compensation and employer's liability insurance as well as such other insurance as may be required by statute or rule of the state in which the Franchised Restaurant is located and operated.

            3.    Comprehensive general liability insurance and product liability insurance with minimum limits of ONE MILLION Dollars ($1,000,000) combined single limit including the following coverages: contractual liability; personal injury; products/completed operation; and tenant's fire legal liability; insuring against all claims, suits, obligations, liabilities and damages, including attorneys' fees, based upon or arising out of actual or alleged personal injuries or property damage resulting from, or occurring in the course of, or on or about or otherwise relating to the Franchised Restaurant, provided that the required amounts herein may be modified from time to time by us to reflect inflation or future experience with claims.

            4.    If you offer delivery service or utilize motor vehicles for any other purpose in the operation of the Franchised Restaurant, automobile liability insurance, including owned, hired and non-owned vehicle coverage, with a combined single limit of at least ONE MILLION Dollars ($1,000,000).

            5.    Such insurance and types of coverage as may be required by the terms of any lease for the Franchised Restaurant, or as may be required from time to time by us.

            6.    Liquor liability coverage in a minimum amount of ONE MILLION Dollars ($1,000,000) or such other amount as may be specified by us.
You agree to deliver to us prior to opening and periodically at any time upon our request, proper certificate evidencing the existence of the insurance coverage which names us as a named insured.
We will be named an additional insured in such policy or policies.
Such certificate shall state that said policy or policies will not be canceled or altered without at least twenty (20) days prior written notice to us and shall reflect proof of payment of premiums.
The insurance coverage must commence as of the date the location of the Franchised Restaurant has been secured
You will procure at your expense and maintain in full force and effect during the term of this Agreement, an insurance policy or policies protecting you, us and our designated affiliates, and their officers, directors, partners and employees against any loss, liability, personal injury, death, or property damage or expense whatsoever arising or occurring upon or in connection with the Franchised Restaurant, as we may reasonably require for our own and your protection.
Agent shall maintain, at Agent's cost (as an Expense) and in such amounts as Agent currently has in effect, commercial general liability policies covering injuries to persons and property in or in connection with Agent's agency at the Stores and shall cause Merchant to be named as an additional insured with respect to such policies.
Merchant shall deliver to Purchaser certificates evidencing such insurance, setting forth the duration thereof and naming Purchaser as an additional insured or loss payee, as applicable, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Purchaser.
Agent shall not make any change in the amount of any deductibles or self-insurance amounts prior to the Sale Termination Date without Merchant's prior written consent.
From and after the date of this Agreement, all such policies will also name Purchaser as an additional named insured or loss payee, as applicable (as its interest may appear).
If requested by Agent, Merchant shall, at Agent's expense, insure the Additional Agent Merchandise and, if required, promptly file any proofs of loss with regard to same with Merchant's insurers.
All such policies shall require at least thirty (30) days' prior notice to Purchaser of cancellation, non- renewal or material change.
Merchant shall not make any change in the amount of any deductibles or self-insurance amounts on or after the date of this Agreement without Purchaser's prior written consent.
In the event of a claim under any such policies, Merchant shall be responsible for the payment of all deductibles, retentions or self- insured amounts thereunder (which may be reimbursed as an Expense and/or pursuant to the Wind-Down Payment, subject to the Wind-Down Budget and the Wind-Down Cap), unless it is determined that liability arose by reason of the willful misconduct or grossly negligent acts or omissions of Purchaser, or Purchaser's employees, independent contractors or agents.
Until the Designation Rights Termination Date or as otherwise directed by Purchaser or set forth in this Agreement, Merchant shall continue to maintain, subject to the Wind-Down Budget and the Wind-Down Cap, all of its presently existing property casualty coverage related to the Assets (including but not limited to fire, flood, wind, hail, natural disaster, theft, and extended coverage casualty insurance) until the sale or other disposition of all Assets covered by such policies.
In the event of a claim under any such policies, Agent shall be responsible for the payment of all deductibles, retentions or self-insured amounts thereunder, unless it is determined that liability arose by reason of the willful misconduct or grossly negligent acts or omissions of Merchant or Merchant's employees, independent contractors or agents (other than Agent or Agent's employees, agents or independent contractors).
Until the Designation Rights Termination Date or as otherwise directed by Purchaser or set forth in this Agreement, Party shall continue to maintain, subject to the Wind-Down Budget and the Wind-Down Cap, in such amounts as it currently has in effect, all of its liability insurance policies, including but not limited to commercial general liability, products liability, comprehensive public liability, auto liability and umbrella liability insurance, covering injuries to persons and property in, or in connection with, the Assets and/or Party's operation of its business and the Store and Distribution Centers; and Party shall cause Purchaser to be named as an additional named insured (as its interest may appear) with respect to all such policies.
All such policies shall require at least thirty (30) days' prior notice to Purchaser of cancellation, non-renewal or material change.
Agent shall deliver to Merchant certificates evidencing such insurance policies setting forth the duration thereof and naming Merchant as an additional insured, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Merchant.
Merchant shall deliver to Purchaser certificates evidencing such insurance setting forth the duration thereof and naming Purchaser as an additional named insured, in form reasonably satisfactory to Purchaser.
Merchant shall, at all times while any employees are in its employ, maintain in full force and effect workers' compensation insurance (including employer liability insurance) in compliance with all statutory requirements.
Throughout the term of this Agreement, Contractor shall maintain workers compensation insurance in the amount required by statute, comprehensive general liability insurance with coverage of at least one million dollars ($1,000,000) and professional errors and omissions insurance for bodily injury, property damage or other losses with coverage of at least one million dollars ($1,000,000), in connection with the provision of Services by Contractor pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. At Company's request, Contractor shall provide Company with certificates or other acceptable evidence of insurance or self-insurance evidencing the above coverage and shall provide Company with prompt written notice of any material change.
Participation in all insurance schemes from time to time is subject to: (a) the terms of the relevant insurance scheme, as amended from time to time; (b) the rules or the insurance policy of the relevant insurance provider, or Party as amended from time to time; and (c) the Party (and where relevant any other potential beneficiary) satisfying the normal underwriting requirements of the relevant insurance provider and the premium being at a rate which the Company considers reasonable.
The Party is entitled to membership of a Group income protection plan and life assurance cover, which will be paid for by the Company.
The Company shall have the right at its sole discretion to alter the cover provided or any term of any insurance scheme or to cease to provide (without replacement) any insurance scheme or cover at any time.
In partial spend of the fixed benefits allowance referred to in sub-clause 6.1, the Executive and his spouse or civil partner and any children under the age of 21 (or 24 if in full time education) are entitled to membership of a private medical insurance scheme.
Party shall obtain and maintain, at Party's expense, comprehensive automobile liability insurance covering all owned, non-owned and  hired vehicles used by Party in the Party with limits of not less than $5,000,000 per occurrence combined single limit for personal injury and  property damage, including all statutory coverage for all states of operation.
Racing shall provide the Sponsor with a certificate of insurance evidence compliance with the insurance requirements set forth above.  Certificates shall provide that "Party. and all related entities" shall be named as additional insureds on all liability policies, stating that such  insurance is primary in coverage to any other insurance which may be available to the Sponsor, and providing at least thirty (30) days' prior  written notice to the Sponsor of termination, cancellation, modification or material change to the policy.
By  requiring insurance herein, the Sponsor does not represent that coverage limits will necessarily be adequate to protect Racing.
Racing shall provide the Sponsor a certificate of insurance evidencing "Party. and all  related entities" as additional insureds, stating that such insurance is primary in coverage to any other insurance which may be available the  Sponsor, and providing at least thirty (30) days' prior written notice to the Sponsor of cancellation, modification or material change to the policy.
All policies of insurance procured by Party herein shall be written as primary policies, not contributing with or in excess of coverage that the  Sponsor may carry. If Party's liability policies do not contain the standard separation of insureds provision, or a substantially similar clause, they  shall be endorsed to provide cross-liability coverage.
Racing shall also provide comprehensive (fire and theft) and collision  insurance on each vehicle used in the Business.
Racing shall obtain and maintain pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, at its sole expense, the following types of insurance coverage,  with minimum limits as set forth below:

(i) Commercial General Liability covering liability arising from premises, operations, independent contractors, personal and advertising injury  and contractual liability—$5,000,000 each occurrence.      3





(ii) Racing Owners' Sponsors (Spectators) Legal Liability including Participant Legal Liability—$5,000,000 each occurrence.

(iii) Business Automobile Liability covering all owned, hired and non-owned vehicles—$5,000,000 each occurrence, including statutory  coverages for all states of operations.

(iv) Workers Compensation—statutory limits for all states of operation.

(v) Employers Liability—$5,000,000 each employee for bodily injury by accident and $500,000 each employee for bodily injury by disease.
Racing shall obtain and maintain pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, at its sole expense, the following types of insurance coverage,  with minimum limits as set forth below:

(i) Commercial General Liability covering liability arising from premises, operations, independent contractors, personal and advertising injury  and contractual liability—$5,000,000 each occurrence.<omitted>(ii) Racing Owners' Sponsors (Spectators) Legal Liability including Participant Legal Liability—$5,000,000 each occurrence.

(iii) Business Automobile Liability covering all owned, hired and non-owned vehicles—$5,000,000 each occurrence, including statutory  coverages for all states of operations.

(iv) Workers Compensation—statutory limits for all states of operation.

(v) Employers Liability—$5,000,000 each employee for bodily injury by accident and $500,000 each employee for bodily injury by disease.
During the Term of this Agreement, *** shall, at no cost to the ***, maintain (or cause to be maintained) the following insurance coverage with insurers having a "Best's" rating of A­VIII or better: commercial general liability insurance, including coverage for bodily injury, property damage, personal and advertising injury, products/completed operations and contractual liability with a minimum amount of ten million US Dollars (USD $10,000,000.00) for each occurrence. *** shall furnish the other Party with a certificate of insurance evidencing such insurance coverage, which shall further contain a provision that the<omitted>policy or policies evidenced thereby shall not be canceled or modified without thirty (30) days advance written notice.
Vendor shall maintain commercial general liability (CGL) insurance with a limit of not less than $1 million each occurrence.
Vendor shall maintain insurance for not less than the following limits and coverage with duly licensed insurance companies having an A.M.  Best rating of A-, X or better.
Party coverages shall be written on Party occurrence form CG 00 01 or a substitute form providing equivalent coverage and shall cover  liabilities arising from events, premises, operations, independent contractors, products-completed operations, personal injury and  advertising injury, and liability assumed under an insured contract.
Party., its parent and subsidiaries shall be included as  additional insureds under the CGL using ISO additional insured endorsement CG 20 10 or a substitute providing equivalent coverage.
Certificate of Insurance naming Party as an additional insured.
supplemental coverage in excess of the Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000.00)
The Party shall, at its own expense, maintain in effect throughout the term of this Agreement, comprehensive general liability insurance policies with carriers of recognized standing, with limits of liability of at least One Million Dollars ($1,000,000), governing any and all property damage and person injury (including death) arising out of activities covered by this Agreement. Party shall, at its own expense, maintain in effect throughout the term of this Agreement, comprehensive general liability insurance policies with carriers of recognized standing, with limits of liability of at least One Million Dollars ($1,000,000), covering any and all property damage and personal injury (including death) arising out of activities covered by this





Agreement and shall obtain and maintain such additional insurance coverage as the Party shall reasonably require with respect to any Sponsored Events or similar activities.
6.1 Both parties shall at all times while this Agreement is in effect and for one (1) year thereafter, at its expense, carry and maintain, at its own expense, insurance on all its operations necessary to comply with insurance laws as applicable.
The Contractor maintains insurance, which is in full force and effect, with insurers of recognized financial responsibility of  the types and in the amounts generally deemed adequate for its business and, to the best of the Contractor's knowledge, in line with  the insurance maintained by similar companies and businesses; and the Contractor has no reason to believe that it will not be able to  renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be  necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not materially and adversely affect the financial condition or business  operations of the Contractor.
Such reasonable additional action includes, but is not limited to, cooperating with Company in verification  of Contractor's compliance, such as by providing copies of certificates of insurance and of other books and records of Contractor, and  by permitting inspection of the premises, books and records of Contractor.
To ensure that a backup facility will be available in<omitted>case of such a failure, Party will maintain disaster and/or business interruption insurance adequate to establish alternate site processing, as provided for in paragraph 12(A) of this Agreement.
During the term of this Agreement, in addition to its other obligations set forth in this Agreement, Party shall:   A. Maintain property insurance in an amount sufficient to replace or reconstruct the hardware, software, data and facilities necessary for Party to operate the Party System and otherwise provide the EDP Services set forth in this Agreement and, upon written request, shall provide Party with evidence of the coverage, including all applicable limits and conditions, and, upon written request, shall provide Party with evidence of all renewals, cancellations, expirations or modifications of the coverage;
Such insurance requirements shall be maintained during the Term and shall continue for a minimum of three years following termination of this Agreement.
Company shall maintain Products Liability Insurance and in an amount satisfactory to Contractor, under which Contractor is named as an additional insured.
All insurance coverages are to be placed with insurers which have a Party's rating of no less than "A."
The Party will provide full comprehensive replacement insurance cover for all assets contained in the Asset Party (Schedule A).
The Party will provide documentary evidence to Party that such insurance is in place for the term of the agreement.
Without limiting any of the obligations or liabilities of Contractor,           whether under this Agreement or by law, subject to any limitations           hereunder, Contractor shall maintain, and shall cause any           subcontractors engaged by Contractor to provide services under this           Agreement to maintain, at Contractor's own expense, as long as this           Agreement is in effect, insurance policies of the kind and limits as           set forth in APPENDIX D to this Agreement. The expense of such           insurance shall be borne by Contractor. The Contractor shall keep in           force the policies specified in sections 1 and 3 to the Insurance           Certificate valid as long as Contractor's legal liability EXISTS IN           CONNECTION WITH OPERATIONS ACCORDING TO THE AGREEMENT.
All  policies of such insurance shall be written by a carrier or carriers rated "A" or above by Party, shall contain a clause requiring the carrier to give Customer at least thirty (30) days' prior written notice of any material change or cancellation of coverage for any reason, and simultaneously with M&I's execution of this Agreement, and annually thereafter, at Customer's request, M&I shall deliver to Customer original Certificates of Insurance evidencing the coverage required by this Section.
Throughout the Term of this Agreement, M&I shall maintain at all times at its own cost and expense:

               1.   Commercial General Liability Insurance covering its premises, including bodily injury, property damage, broad form contractual





liability and independent contractors, with primary limits of not less than two million dollars ($2,000,000).

               2.   Party covering employee dishonesty with respect to all aspects of the Services, in an amount not less than ten million dollars ($10,000,000).

               3.   Workers' Compensation Insurance as mandated or allowed by the state in which the Services are being performed, including at least five hundred thousand dollars ($500,000) coverage for Employer's Liability.

               4.   All Risk Property Insurance in an amount adequate to cover the cost of replacement of all equipment, improvements, and betterments at M&I locations in the event of loss or damage.
Certificates of Insurance evidencing all coverages described in this Section shall be furnished to Customer upon request.
To the extent any insurance coverage required under this Section is purchased on a "claims-made" basis, such insurance shall cover all prior acts of Party during the Term, and such insurance shall be continuously maintained until at least four (4) years beyond the expiration or termination of the Term, or Party shall purchase "tail" coverage, effective upon termination of any such policy or upon termination or expiration of the Term, to provide coverage for at least four (4) years from the occurrence of either such event.
Party currently maintains and, if available at a reasonable cost, Party shall continue to pay for, and maintain in full force and effect during the Term insurance as follows:

A. Workers' compensation and employers' liability insurance with limits to conform with the greater of the amount required by Location applicable state statutory law or one million dollars ($1,000,000) each accident, including occupational disease coverage;

B. Commercial general liability insurance with limits not less than three million dollars ($3,000,000) combined single limit for bodily injury, death, and property damage, including personal injury, contractual liability, independent contractors, broad-form property damage, and products and completed operations coverage;

C. Commercial automobile liability insurance with limits not less than one million dollars ($1,000,000) each occurrence combined single limit of liability for bodily injury, death, and property damage, including owned and non-owned and hired automobile coverages, as applicable;

D. Commercial Blanket Bond, including Electronic & Computer Crime or Unauthorized Computer Access coverage, in the amount of not less than ten million dollars ($10,000,000); and

E. Professional liability insurance (Errors and Omissions) with limits not less than three million dollars ($3,000,000) annual aggregate for all claims each policy year for computer programming and electronic data processing services.
Party shall at its own expense obtain and maintain with an insurer adequate insurance coverage in respect of any Party property under the care, custody or control of Party.
Party agrees to insure tooling       it owns.
Where possible, Party will be jointly insured with respect to the       Party owned tooling for its interest.
Party shall maintain replacement cost casualty and liability insurance and property insurance on all of its assets and properties used and useful in the operation of Party-Party, general liability insurance, workers compensation insurance, and broadcast liability insurance, all in such amounts and on such terms and conditions that are ordinary and customary in the broadcast industry and that are reasonably acceptable to Party.
Party shall maintain replacement cost casualty and liability insurance and property insurance on all of its assets and properties used and useful in the operation of Party-Party, general liability insurance and workers compensation insurance in such amounts and on such terms and conditions that are ordinary and customary in the broadcast industry and that are reasonably acceptable to Party.
Each policy of insurance which                   Party is required to possess under this Agreement shall                   name Party, and its Directors, Officers, and Employees, as                   additional insured in the insurance policy limits herein                   required.
Schoolpop shall, during the term of this Agreement, at its own                   cost and expense, procure with sound and reputable insurers,                   the following insurance coverage's: (i) Workers' Compensation                   Insurance in an amount not less than the statutory limits for                   the state(s), country or province in where the services are to                   be performed; (ii) Employer's Liability Insurance not less                   than (a) $100,000 per occurrence, and not less than $100,000                   aggregate limit of liability per policy year for disease,                   including death at any time resulting therefrom, not caused by                   accident or (b) such amount as required by law, whichever is                   higher; (iii) Comprehensive General Liability Insurance,                   including blanket extended coverage against all hazards,                   including personal injury and death resulting therefrom, for                   not less than $1,000,000 per occurrence, and not less than                   $2,000,000 aggregate; (iv) Automobile Liability insurance                   against liability arising from the maintenance or use of all                   owned, non-owned and hired automobiles and trucks used to                   provide services, with (a) a minimum limit of liability for                   bodily injury of $1,000,000 in the aggregate, and with a                   minimum limit of liability for property damage of $500,000 per                   accident, or (b) amount as required by law, whichever is                   higher; and (v) fidelity or crime policy of not less than                   $3,000,000 in the aggregate against misappropriation and/or                   destruction of Cards.
The Repairer shall at its own expense procure and maintain in force, with insurers of internationally recognized reputation acceptable to the Company an Aviation Liability insurance which should include:

  (i) Aviation Products Liability insurance: the Repairer shall maintain or shall cause its Subcontractors to maintain a Products Liability Insurance during the performance of the Services up to an amount not less than [*****] per occurrence and in the annual aggregate; and,     (ii) Hangar Keeper Liability insurance: the Repairer shall maintain or shall cause its Subcontractors to maintain during the performance ofthe Services an Hangar Keeper Liability Insurance in an amount of not less than [*****] any one occurrence.
In respect of Liability Insurance, the Repairer shall be named as additional insured and loss payee, as relevant, to the extent required under Clause 15 ("Liability and Indemnity"), with severability of interest and confirmation that the Company policy shall be primary without right of contribution.
Main Elements Service (Exhibit 11): each Spare Main Element to be delivered by the Repairer to the Company shall be insured by the Company, for not less than its full replacement value, under the Hull Insurance when installed on the Aircraft in addition to the agreed value of such Aircraft and under the Spares All Risk Insurance while in Stock prior to attachment or following removal and replacement from the Aircraft, including transportation to and from the Company.
In respect of Hull and Spares All Risk Insurances, the Repairer shall be named as additional insured and loss payee for their respective rights and interests, to the extent required under Clause 15 ("Liability and Indemnity") of this Agreement.
In respect of all of the above insurances to contain breach or warranty provisions and confirmation the policies shall not be cancelled or materially changed without [*****] prior written notice [*****] or such lesser period in respect of War and Allied Peril).
Prior to the Delivery Date and upon each renewal of any policy, the Company shall supply the Repairer with certificates of insurancecompliant with the terms and conditions set out in Clause 8 of this Agreement.
At the latest upon the Signing Date, the Company shall provide the Repairer with relevant insurance certificates, in English, evidencing insurance requirements of this Clause 8, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Repairer, to be attached to this Agreement in the Exhibit 17 ("Insurance certificates").
Without prejudice to any term and condition under this Agreement, the Company shall maintain in force, at all times during the Term and [*****], at its own costs and expenses, with insurers of internationally recognized<omitted>reputation reasonably acceptable to the Repairer, insurances in accordance with industry standards with respect to the undertakings of the Company in Clause 15 ("Liability and Indemnity") of this Agreement including
Lease of Stock (Exhibit 8 Clause 2.2) and Party (Exhibit 15): the Items of the Stock shall be insured by theCompany under Spares All Risk Insurance for not less than the full replacement value; and,
Upon each renewal of the relevant insurance policies, the Company shall on reasonable request provide the Repairer with relevant insurance certificates in order to evidence insurance is maintained in accordance with this Clause 8.
Supplier and its Subcontractors shalt pay any and all costs which are incurred by Party as a result of any such deductibles or self-insured retentions to the extent that Party is named as an "Additional Insured," and to the same extent as if the policies contained no deductibles or self-insured retention.
Supplier shall endorse such policy to include a "Client Coverage" or "Joint Payee Coverage" endorsement Party shall be named as "Loss Payee, As Their Interest May Appear'' in such Fidelity Bond.
Party shall be named as an ''Additional Insured" to the coverages described in Sections 26.2.3, 26.2.4, and 26.2.5 below for the purpose of protecting Party from any expense and/or liability arising out of, alleged to arise out of, related to or connected with the Products provided by Supplier and/or its Subcontractors.
Employers' Liability Insurance which limit shall be $1,000,000 per accident for Bodily injury and $1,000,000 per employee/aggregate for disease.
Supplier shall at its own expense secure and continuously maintain, and shall require its Subcontractors to secure and continuously maintain, throughout the Term, the following insurance with companies qualified to do business in the jurisdiction in which the services will be performed and rating A-VII or better in the current Party's Insurance Reports published by A M. Party Company and shall, upon Party's request, be furnished to Party certificates and required endorsements evidencing such insurance.
Business Automobile Liability Insurance covering all owned, hired and non-owned vehicles and equipment used by Supplier with a minimum combined single limit of liability of $1,000,000 for injury and/or death and/or property damage.
The insurance coverages and limits required to be maintained by Supplier and its Subcontractors shall be primary and non-contributory to insurance coverage, if any, maintained by Party. Supplier and Proprietary to Party its Subcontractors and their underwriters shall waive subrogation against Party and shall cause their insurer(s) to waive subrogation against Party.
Excess coverage with respect to Sections 26.2.2, 26.2.3 and 26.2.4 above with a per occurrence limit of $5,000,000. The limits of liability required In subsections 26.2.2, 26.2.3 and 26.2.4 may be satisfied by a combination of those policies with an Umbrella/Excess Liability policy.
The certificates shall state the amount of all deductibles and self-insured retentions and shall contain evidence that the policy or policies shall not be canceled or materially altered without at least thirty (30) calendar days prior written notice to Party.
Commercial General Liability Insurance with a minimum combined single limit of liability of $1,000,000 per occurrence and $2,000,000 aggregate for bodily Injury, death, property damage and personal injury, and specifically covering infringement of Intellectual Property Rights. This policy shall include products/completed operations coverage and shall also include contractual liability coverage.
Worker's Compensation Insurance which shall fully comply with the statutory requirements of all applicable state and federal laws.
Technology Errors and Omissions Insurance with minimum limits of not less than $5,000,000, covering liabilities arising from errors, omission, etc., in rendering computer or information technology services including but not limited to (1) systems analysis (2) systems programming (3) data processing (4) systems integration (5) outsourcing including outsourcing development and design (6) systems design, consulting, development and modification (7) training services relating to computer software or hardware (8) management, repair and maintenance of computer products, networks and systems (9) marketing, selling, servicing, distributing, installing and maintaining computer hardware or software (10) data entry, modification, verification, maintenance, storage, retrieval or preparation of data output.
Supplier shall be responsible for loss to bank property and customer property, directly or indirectly, and shall maintain Fidelity Bond or Crime coverage for the dishonest acts of its employees in a minimum amount of $5,000,000.
Without prejudice to the above, Party shall maintain, or shall cause to be maintained with respect to itself and each of its Affiliates, such types and levels of insurance (including, without limitation, third party and product liability insurance), as are customary in the pharmaceutical or manufacturing industry to provide coverage for their activities contemplated hereby.
Upon request, Party shall furnish MediWound certification of insurance (and/or true copies of policies) showing the above coverage, signed by an authorized agent of the insurance company, certifying that liability assumed under this Agreement is fully insured without exception, and providing for at least thirty (30) days prior written notice.
In order to provide insurance coverage for Party responsibilities, obligations and undertakings as set out under this Agreement and/or as required under any law with<omitted>respect to the manufacturing of Bromelain SP, Party undertakes, at its sole cost and expense, to take out and maintain an "All risk" insurance against loss of and destruction or damage to the Facility (including fire, theft and vandalism, etc.), third party liability insurance, product liability insurance for the Bromelain SP and employers liability insurance.
Party shall fully comply with the terms of the Quality Agreement regarding its obligations and responsibilities with respect to maintaining the required level of insurance.
Each Party will maintain at its sole cost and expense, an adequate amount of commercial general liability and product liability insurance throughout the Term and for a period of five (5) years thereafter, to protect against potential liabilities and risk arising out of products supplied or activities to be performed under this Agreement and any Quality Agreement related hereto upon such terms (including coverages, deductible limits and self-insured retentions) as are customary in the industry for the products supplied or activities to be conducted by such Party under this Agreement.
Subject to the preceding sentence, such Bellicum liability insurance or self-insurance program will insure against personal injury, physical injury or property damage arising out of the pre-clinical, clinical and commercial manufacture, sale, use, distribution or marketing of Bellicum Product, and such Miltenyi liability insurance or self-insurance program will insure against personal injury, physical injury or property damage arising out of use of a Miltenyi Product in the manufacture of a Bellicum Product
Each Party shall provide the other Party with written proof of the existence of such insurance upon reasonable written request.
In addition, from time to time during the Term, each Party shall increase their levels of insurance coverage if reasonably deemed prudent by such Party in light of the overall products supplied and/or activities performed under this Agreement.
Party agrees to provide $5,000,000 of commercial liability insurance in support of this indemnity which names Party as additional insured, with waiver of subrogation
Bonds and Insurance: the Transporter and the interested Senders in the Sole Risk Proposal shall obtain the necessary bonds and insurance  to cover any Risk derived from the Sole Risk Proposal under terms reasonably acceptable for the Transporter, without prejudice of obtaining all  other bonds and insurance requested by the Transporter.
Performance Insurance Policy Four thousand forty seven millions of Colombian pesos ($4.047.000.000)
The policy hereof shall not expire by failure of payment of the premium and said premium shall not be revocable in a unilateral manner neither by  the insurance company nor by the contractor.
Each Party shall purchase and maintain, at its own expense, the        following insurance coverages:

    (a)     cargo liability insurance, subject to a combined single limit of                not less than One Hundred Thousand dollars ($100,000.00)                inclusive per occurrence. The other Party shall be named as an                additional insured and the policy shall contain a cross                liability clause;

    (b)     automobile, non-owned automobile, fleet, comprehensive general,                public and property liability insurance with a limit of not less                than Two Million dollars ($2,000,000.00) inclusive of bodily                injury and property damage for any one occurrence arising out of                one (1) cause. The policy shall cover all non-air operations,                non-owned automobile, contractual liability and liability                specifically assumed under this Agreement. The other party shall                be named as an additional insured and the policy shall contain a                cross liability clause;
Each Party shall deliver to the other, prior to commencing to provide        the Services and thereafter, annually, a certificate or certificates of        insurance evidencing that the required insurance coverages as        provided for in paragraph 9.1 are in effect and that each Party shall be        given thirty (30) days prior written notice of cancellation or         expiry of or material change to such insurance coverages.
Each Party shall maintain the insurance coverages provided for in        paragraph 9.1 hereof, in full force and effect during the term of        this Agreement and covenants that nothing shall be done whereby any        policy will be cancelled and shall pay all renewal premiums thereon on or        before the due date and shall forthwith furnish the other Party with        copies of certificates of insurance of such renewals.
Each Party shall ensure that any subcontractor or other party with whom        it contracts in providing the Services shall carry adequate        insurance coverage, but not less than that provided in paragraph 9.1.
The types of insurance, and minimum limits will be: (i) any insurance policy that is required by any Applicable Law, including [***] and [***] policies where applicable; and (ii) [***] insurance with a minimum limit of [***] Dollars ($[***]) per occurrence and [***] Dollars ($[***]) in the aggregate. For clarity, [***].
Such insurance (i) will be primary insurance with respect to each Party's own participation under this Partygreement and (ii) will be issued by a recognized insurer rated by Party.Party "Party-VII" (or its equivalent) or better, or an insurer pre-approved in writing by the other Party.
Upon request by a Party, the other Party will provide Certificates of Insurance evidencing compliance with this Section 12.4 (Insurance). The insurance policies will be under an occurrence form, but if only a claims-made form is available to a Party, then such Party will continue to maintain such insurance after Expiration or the termination of this Agreement for a period of [***] ([***]) years following the end of the Term.
Each Party will obtain and carry in full force and effect the minimum insurance requirements set forth below.
The Company further agrees to provide Party maintain, at its own expense, a policy of Directors Party Officers Party with limits no less than $25,000,000 Party within thirty (30) days from the date hereof, the Company will submit to Party a fully paid policy or certificate of insurance naming Party as an insured party, requiring that the insurer shall not terminate or materially modify such without written notice to Party at least twenty (20) days in advance hereof
The Party agrees to provide and maintain, at its own expense, advertising and product liability insurance each with limits no less than $5,000,000 and within thirty (30) days from the date hereof, the Party will submit to Party a fully paid policy or certificate of insurance naming Party and Party as insured parties, requiring that the insurer shall not terminate or materially modify such without written notice to Party at least twenty (20) days in advance thereof.
Party shall have the right to reasonably self insure.
Party and Party shall obtain and/or maintain during the term of this Agreement and for a period of [...***...] thereafter, liability insurance in amounts which are reasonable and customary in the biopharmaceutical industry for companies of comparable size and the respective activities (i.e. Party as CMO and Party as sponsor/pharmaceutical company) at the respective place of business and such liability insurance shall insure against all mandatory liability, including liability for personal injury, physical injury and property damage.
Insurance Requirements

[***]
The Party may acquire insurance on behalf of any Participant, employee, agent or other person engaged in the business interest of the Party against any liability asserted against them or incurred by them while acting in good faith on behalf of the Party.
Furthermore, Party will undertake to direct its insurance broker to conduct an analysis to determine the appropriate level of product liability insurance with respect to the Product to be maintained by Party, which analysis will be conducted prior to Party's next insurance renewal, currently scheduled to occur in October 2006.
Upon request, each party shall provide certificates of insurance to the other evidencing the coverage specified herein.
Such analysis will include, among other considerations, product risk characteristics, product litigation history,<omitted>comparable company coverage and insurance availability. Depomed will share such analysis with Party
During the Term and for a period of two (2) years after any expiration or termination of this Agreement, each party shall maintain (i) a commercial general liability insurance policy or policies with minimum limits of $[***] per occurrence and $[***] in the aggregate on an annual basis and (ii) a product liability insurance policy or policies with minimum limits of $[***] per occurrence and $[***] in the aggregate on an annual basis; provided that the minimum product liability policy limits set forth above shall be increased to at least $[***] per occurrence and $[***] in the aggregate on an annual basis no later than December 31, 2006.
As it relates to the operation of your Franchised Business: automobile liability insurance coverage, including owned and non-owned vehicles, with limits of not less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) per occurrence;
As it relates to the operation of your Franchised Business: worker's compensation and employer's liability insurance in statutory amounts, unemployment insurance and state disability insurance as required by governing law for your employees;
Such insurance coverage will include:
You shall also maintain such additional insurance as is necessary to comply with all legal requirements concerning insurance.
Should you, for any reason, fail to procure or maintain the insurance required by this Agreement, as such requirements may be revised from time to time by us in writing, we shall have the right and authority (without, however, any obligation to do so) immediately to procure such insurance and to charge same to you, which charges shall be payable by you immediately upon notice together with a ten percent (10%) administrative fee.
As it relates to the Unit Franchisees' operation in the Master Territory, and if you elect to obtain such coverage: general liability insurance, which insurance is in addition to any general liability insurance the Unit Franchisees are required to maintain under their Unit Franchise Agreements.
Your obligations to maintain insurance coverage as herein described shall not be affected in any manner by reason of any separate insurance maintained by us nor shall the maintenance of such insurance relieve you of any indemnification obligations under this Agreement.
As it relates to the operation of your Franchised Business: broad form comprehensive general liability coverage against claims for employment practices coverage, bodily and personal injury, death and property damage caused by or occurring in conjunction with the conduct of business by you pursuant to this Agreement and broad form contractual liability coverage, including errors and omissions coverage, under one or more policies of insurance containing minimum liability coverage prescribed by us from time to time, but in no event in an amount less than Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) aggregate.
You shall provide us with evidence of the insurance required hereunder not later than ten (10) days before you begin operating as a Master Franchisee, and with a complete copy of each insurance policy no more than thirty (30) days after delivery of the original proof of insurance.
We may periodically increase the amounts of coverage required under such insurance policies and require different or additional kinds of insurance at any time including excess liability insurance to reflect inflation, identification of new risks, changes in law or standards of liability, higher damage awards, or other relevant changes in circumstances.
If you fail to obtain or maintain required insurance coverage and do not obtain such coverage within ten (10) days after written notice from us.
The maintenance of sufficient insurance coverage shall be your responsibility.
The insurance policies required herein shall: (a) name us as an additional named insured and contain a waiver of all subrogation rights against us, our affiliates, and our and their successors and assigns; (b) provide for thirty (30) days' prior written notice to us of any material modification, cancellation, or expiration of such policy; (c) provide that the coverage applies separately to each insured against whom a claim is brought as though a separate policy had been issued to each insured; (d) contain no provision which in any way limits or reduces coverage for you in the event of a claim by any one or more of the parties indemnified under this Agreement; (e) be primary to and without right of contribution from any other insurance purchased by the parties indemnified under this Agreement; and (f) extend to and provide indemnity for all obligations assumed by you hereunder and all other items for which you are required to indemnify us under this Agreement.
Thereafter, prior to the expiration of the term of each insurance policy, you shall furnish us with a copy of each renewal or replacement insurance policy to be maintained by you for the immediately following term and evidence of the payment of the premium therefor.
During the term of this Agreement, you shall maintain in force under policies of insurance issued by licensed insurers approved by us insurance coverage as we from time to time require.
You must maintain insurance related to your operation of the Franchised Business.
Such insurance shall not have a deductible or self-insured retention in excess of Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000);
Such product liability insurance or self-insured arrangements shall insure against all liability, including without limitation personal injury, physical injury, or property damage arising out of the manufacture, sale, distribution, or marketing of the Collaboration Products
During the Term of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year after the termination or expiration of this Agreement, Party shall obtain and/or maintain at its sole cost and expense, product liability insurance (including any self-insured arrangements) in amounts which are reasonable and customary in the Location.Location. pharmaceutical industry for companies of comparable size and activities
Party shall provide written proof of the existence of such insurance to Party upon request.
The Party shall take out the required insurance from an insurance company or organization permitted by Chinese laws and regulations to provide such insurance.
The Party, at its own expense, shall take out and maintain at all times during the Contract Term with insurance companies insurance against loss or damage by fire, natural disasters and other risks of types and in amounts as may be recommended by the CEO and decided by the Board of Directors.
Each party will, at the other party's request, provide to the other party a certificate of insurance evidencing the foregoing insurance coverage.
Each party will maintain, during the Term and for three (3) years thereafter, such comprehensive general liability insurance (including without limitation, products liability) as will adequately protect it against its potential liabilities under this Agreement, in amounts customary in the semiconductor industry for similar services and products.
The Party may acquire insurance on behalf of any Member, employee, agent or other person engaged in the business interest of the Party against any liability asserted against them or incurred by them while acting in good faith on behalf of the Party.
The Parties shall provide civil liability insurance cover to their own personnel with respect to accidents and damages charged to them.
The  Party  is a  member  of the  Party,  and the deposit  accounts of the  Party  are insured by the Party up to the maximum amount  allowed  under  law  and to the  best  of such  counsel's  knowledge  no proceedings  for the  termination or revocation of such insurance are pending or threatened;  and the description of the liquidation  account as set forth in the Registration  Statement  and the  Offering  Prospectus  under the  caption  "The Conversion - Effects of Conversion to Stock Form on Depositors  and Borrowers of the  Bank -  Liquidation  Account"  has been  reviewed  by such  counsel  and is accurate in all material respects.
The deposit accounts of the Party are insured by                the Party up to the applicable  limits; and no proceedings for the                termination  or revocation  of such  insurance are pending or, to                the best knowledge of the Company or the Party, threatened.
The Company, the PartyHCs, the Party and each Subsidiary carries, or is covered by, insurance in such amounts and covering such risks as is adequate for the conduct of their respective businesses and the value for their respective properties as is customary for companies engaged in similar industries.
The Party shall provide Party a          copy of each policy; doing so on a regular and current basis shall be a          precondition to all of Party's rights under this Agreement, including          but not limited to the payment of all earned commissions.
The Party will maintain valid errors and omissions insurance, with          minimum limits of $1,000,000 per incident, and a fidelity and          electronic crime policy through an insurer, both of which shall contain          terms and limits of coverage acceptable to Party covering the Party's          solicitors and each of its employees.
The Company and the Agent will each maintain, at their own expense, insurance with reputable insurers, such insurance to be in such form and amounts as are customary in the case of entities of established reputation engaged in the same or similar businesses and similarly situated, provided that such insurance will in any event include commercial general liability and umbrella liability insurance (including product liability coverage) for property damage, bodily injury and personal injury in an amount not less than Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000) combined single amount per occurrence and in the aggregate. Each such liability insurance policy of the Agent will name the Company (as its interest may appear) as an additional insured under the policy and provide for at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Company of any cancellation, modification or amendment of the policy. Each product liability insurance policy of the Company will name the Agent (as its interest may appear) as an additional insured under the policy and provide for at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Agent of any cancellation, modification, or amendment of this policy. Each party will furnish to the other upon request a Certificate of Insurance or other documentation reasonably satisfactory to the other evidencing compliance with this Paragraph 3.3.
The Party Parties carry, or are covered by, insurance in such amounts and covering such risks as is adequate for the conduct of their respective businesses and the value of their respective properties as is customary for companies engaged in a similar industry.
The deposit accounts of the Bank are insured by the Party up to the applicable limits, and upon consummation of the Conversion, the liquidation accounts for the benefit of Eligible Account Holders will be duly established in accordance with the requirements of the Massachusetts Regulations.
The Transaction Entities and each of their respective Subsidiaries are insured by insurers with appropriately rated claims paying abilities against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary for the businesses in which they are engaged; all policies of insurance and fidelity or surety bonds insuring the Transaction Entities, their respective Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, assets, employees, officers and directors are in full force and effect; neither of the Transaction Entities nor any of their respective Subsidiaries has been refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for; neither of the Transaction Entities nor any of their respective Subsidiaries has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a similar cost as currently paid, except as set forth in or contemplated in the Registration Statement, the General Disclosure Package and the Prospectus; and the Company has obtained or will obtain directors' and officers' insurance in such amounts as is customary for companies engaged in the type of business conducted by the Company.
Both Parties will each have and maintain in full force and effect during the Term of this Agreement (including any post-termination  period for which indemnification obligations continue), all product liability and other insurance reasonably necessary to cover









  such party's anticipated indemnification obligation and other risk of loss for which it may be liable under this Agreement.
Such policy or policies will (a) have aggregate limits of liability of not less than  $1,000,000 with respect to any incident or occurrence and of not less than $2,000,000 in the aggregate; (b) name both Party and Party as insured  parties; and (c) provide that such policy may not be canceled except upon not less than 30 days' written notice to both Party and Party. Each  party will provide such evidence of the effectiveness of such insurance to the other party as may be reasonably requested.
During the term of any Study Order under this Agreement, Party shall maintain in full force and effect insurance for its and Party's liabilities arising from the Study with limits of not less than $*** per loss and $*** annual aggregate. Party shall provide Party with evidence of such insurance upon request.
Party has and will maintain in force during the term of this Agreement adequate insurance or financial resources to cover its obligations pursuant to this Agreement.
Workers' Compensation Insurance as required by state law where the Work is performed. Employer Liability insurance with limits of at least $1,000,000 for each occurrence.
A copy of the (i) certificate(s) of insurance and (ii) endorsements, acceptable to Party, shall be submitted to Party prior to commencement of any Work and renewals or replacements of such certificates shall be so delivered at least 30 days prior to the expiration or termination of each such policy.
Umbrella/Excess Liability with limits of not less than $5,000,000 in excess of all the above-referenced Commercial General Liability, Employer's Liability and Business Auto Liability, except the following Subcontractor classifications will have limits of not less than the following: HVAC $2,000,000, Landscaping and Fencing $1,000,000. Such Umbrella/Excess Liability policies shall follow form to the terms and conditions of the underlying coverages and shall include a drop down feature in the event any underlying limits are exhausted.
Subcontractor expressly acknowledges while Party retains the right to review the insurance provided by Subcontractor and' Lower-tier Subcontractors, Party is not obligated to perform such review.
General Liability and Umbrella/Excess Liability policies must have "per location or per project" aggregates.
A copy of the insurance policies shall promptly be made available to Party upon Party' request.
Party's acceptance of or failure to object to the submitted documents does not constitute approval of coverage that is not in compliance with this Agreement or as acceptance or affirmation of the adequacy or applicability of such insurance.
Party and Party shall be named as an additional insured.
Party Vehicle Insurance covering bodily injury, death of a person or property damage arising out of the ownership, maintenance or use of any motor vehicles in an amount not less than $1,000,000 combined single limit for personal and bodily injury and death.
Commercial General Liability Insurance providing the limits of coverage written on an occurrence basis, in no event less than $1,000,000 combined single limit and $2,000,000 in the aggregate for personal and bodily injury and death arising therefrom and Broad Form property damage arising out of any one occurrence in connection with the Work or any part thereof, which insurance shall include coverage with the same minimum limits for contractual liability and completed operations liability.
All insurance must be written on an "occurrence" basis.
Subcontractor shall obtain at its own cost and expense and maintain the insurance in full force and effect during the term of the Agreement as required herein.
So long as Party is entitled to nominate and maintain a director pursuant to this Article 5, the Company shall indemnify each current and former Party Director and shall maintain director's and officer's liability insurance for the benefit of each such director, with the same rights and benefits as are accorded the directors of the Company generally.
Allscripts will be named as an additional insured under the foregoing policies, each of which will be primary and non-contributory.
Partyt the Party's expense, the Party will maintain policies of insurance with insurance companies having a financial strength rating no lower than "Party" and a size category not lower than "XII" as rated by the Party.Party, and in amounts which are reasonable and prudent in light of the Party's business, potential liabilities to Partyllscripts hereunder, and other relevant factors, including the following: (i) Commercial General Liability insurance [***] (ii) Errors and Omissions insurance [***] and (iii) Workers' Compensation insurance with applicable statutory limits.
Party shall maintain comprehensive general liability and errors and omissions insurance for the  Party Mobile care suite of products.
Agent or its successors shall maintain during the term of this Agreement and while it is still responsible  for its Book of Business:  i.All required workers' compensation or similar insurance;  ii.Comprehensive general liability insurance.
On or prior to the date of this Agreement or Party's election to the Board of Directors at the Annual Meeting, as applicable, the Company shall have (x) nominated Party for election to the Board of Directors at the Annual Meeting, (y) entered into an Indemnification Agreement with Party as the Director Designee and (z) taken all necessary action for Party to be covered by the Company's existing directors' liability insurance policy.
Party represents and warrants that it has and will maintain during the Term of this Agreement and, additionally, where applicable, during the term of any active Work Order, and for a period of two (2) years following expiration or termination of either, insurance in the types and limits generally accepted in the industry.
Each Party will maintain liability insurance, with reputable and financially secure insurance carriers, at levels consistent with industry standards based upon such Party's respective activities and indemnification obligations under this Agreement. Upon request, each Party will furnish to the other Party certificates issued by the applicable insurance company(ies) evidencing such insurance.
Each party shall provide a certificate of insurance (or evidence of self-insurance) evidencing such coverage to the other party upon request.
Each party, at its own expense, shall maintain product liability and other appropriate insurance (or self- insure) in an amount consistent with industry standards during the Term and shall name the other party as an additional insured with respect to such insurance.
During the Term and for a period of two (2) years after the termination of the Agreement or the expiry date of the last batch manufactured whichever is later, thereafter, each Party shall obtain and maintain, at its sole expense adequate product liability insurance for the Product as it reasonably deems necessary and appropriate. Evidence of coverage, in the form of certificates of insurance, shall be provided promptly upon registration of the Product in given countries and as reasonably requested thereafter.
Each party shall secure and maintain in effect during the term of this Agreement and for a period of five (5) years thereafter insurance policy(ies) underwritten by a reputable insurance company and in a form and having limits standard and customary for entities in the biopharmaceutical industry for exposures related to the Lead Compounds. Such insurance shall include general liability, clinical trial liability and products liability coverage with respect to such party's performance of the Development Program and commercialization of Lead Compounds hereunder. Upon request by the other party hereto, certificates of insurance evidencing the coverage required above shall be provided to the other party.
Party shall administer and provide all necessary and reasonable insurance to insure its activities on the Property in relation to the AGREEMENT and shall list Party as additional insured.
The amount of coverage shall be a minimum of three million dollars ($3,000,000) combined single limit, with no deductible amount for each single occurrence for bodily injury and/or property damage.
In no event shall Party perform or promote the carry out the activities contemplated under this Agreement or the Trademark, Trade Name, Domain and Related Rights License Agreement prior to receipt by Party and Party of evidence of insurance.
Party shall, throughout the term of this Agreement, obtain and maintain at its own cost and expense, from a qualified AAA-rated insurance company, a standard liability insurance and business interruption policy along with advertising injury<omitted>protection, all of which must be acceptable to Party and Party, and which must name Party and Party as additional insureds.
Party agrees to furnish THC and HSI Certificates of Insurance evidencing same within thirty (30) days after the execution of this Agreement.
Party shall provide for ten (10) days notice to Party and Party in the event of any modification, cancellation or termination.
Such policy shall provide, in addition to other protection, protection against any and all claims, demands, and causes of action arising out of any act, omission, negligence or otherwise giving rise to a third party claim.
ENVISION  warrants  that it          carries  general  liability  insurance of $1 million per occurrence and          product liability  insurance of not less than $2 million per occurrence          and that, upon execution of this  Agreement,  it will name Party as an          additional insured on such policies.
Party  warrants  that it carries  general  liability  insurance of not          less than $2 million  per occurrence and product liability insurance of          not less than $5 million  per occurrence  and that,  upon the execution          of this Agreement,  it  will name Party as an additional  insured on          such policies.
Company will carry a reasonable                   amount of product  liability  insurance  through a  reasonably                   acceptable  products liability insurance company and will name                   the  Distributor  as an additional  insured under that policy.                   Company  will make  reasonable  efforts  to  procure a policy,                   which is non-cancelable, except upon thirty (30) days, advance                   notice to the Distributor.
Each party agrees to maintain and provide the other with evidence of insurance coverage for comprehensive general liability in an amount no less than $2,000,000.00 Location.Location. dollars.
Buyer shall obtain comprehensive general liability coverage, including contractual liability coverage, naming Seller as an additional named insured, in amounts sufficient to fully protect Seller under this Agreement from loss, damage or casualty caused by Buyer or incurred by Seller under this Agreement.
Party is advised to obtain and maintain property and casualty insurance for the Equipment against all risks of loss or damage.
The amount of such insurance shall not be less than the replacement cost of the Equipment.
Carrier shall, at its sole cost and expense, procure and maintain liability insurance with a reputable and financially responsible insurance carrier or carriers properly insuring Carrier against liability and claims for injuries to persons (including injuries resulting in death) and for damage to property in amounts not less than the Minimum Levels of Financial Responsibility for Motor Carriers prescribed by the Party. Party. Party (49 CFR (Party)387 et seq.).
Owner covenants that it will maintain at all times during the Term of this Agreement insurance coverage for sudden and accidental pollution of $500,000,000.
Any proposed change in certificates of insurance shall be submitted to Party. for its prior approval.
As proof of such insurance, a fully paid certificate of insurance naming Party. and Party as an insured party will be submitted to Party. by Diplomat for Party.'s prior approval before any product is distributed or sold, and at the latest within thirty (30) days after the date first written above.
Party. shall be entitled to a copy of the





then prevailing certificate of insurance, which shall be furnished Party. by Diplomat.
Party agrees that it will obtain, at its own expense, product liability insurance from a recognized insurance company which is qualified to do business in the Location of Location providing adequate protection (at least in the amount of $         ) for Party., Party and Party against any claims, suits, loss or damage arising out of any alleged defects in the products.
Within thirty (30) days from the date hereof, Party will submit to Party evidence of such policy, requiring that the insurer shall not terminate or materially modify such without written notice to Party at least twenty (20) days in advance thereof.
Company agrees to provide and maintain, at its own expense, general commercial and product liability insurance with limits no less than Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000) and naming Party and Party as additional named insureds.
A certificate of insurance evidencing such coverage shall be furnished to Party within thirty (30) days of the full execution of this Agreement.
Such insurance policy shall provide that the insurer shall not terminate or materially modify such policy or remove Party as an additional named insured without prior written notice to Party at least twenty (20) days in advance thereof.
Company shall provide and maintain, at its own expense, commercial general liability insurance and advertising injury coverage, with limits of not less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000.00), and shall cause such policy to be endorsed to state that Party is an additional named insured thereunder.
Party agrees to provide and maintain, at its own expense, general liability insurance and product liability insurance with limits no less than $3,000,000 and within thirty (30) days from the date hereof, Party will submit to Party a fully paid policy or certificate of insurance naming Party, Party's agent and Party as additional insured parties, requiring that the insurer shall not terminate or materially modify such without written notice to Party at least twenty (20) days in advance thereof.
Each Party shall maintain, through self-insurance or commercially-placed insurance, adequate commercial general liability and products liability insurance, including contractual liability coverage, necessary to satisfy its obligations hereunder and consistent with pharmaceutical and<omitted>diagnostic industry practices.
At all times while this Agreement is in effect, Company shall carry insurance of the types and in the minimum amounts set forth in Exhibit "G". All such insurance set forth in Exhibit "G" shall specifically name Party as an additional insured or provide that the insurer shall waive all rights of subrogation against Party.
You shall procure and maintain in full force and effect during the term of this Agreement, at Your expense, insurance policies written by an insurance company satisfactory to Party in accordance with standards and specifications set forth in the Operations Manual or otherwise by Party in writing. Such policies shall name Party as an additional insured and shall include, at a minimum:

A. Comprehensive general liability insurance in the amount of $1,000,000.00.

B. Comprehensive automobile liability insurance, including collision, comprehensive, medical and liability to satisfy state law requirements.

C. Additional coverage's and higher policy limits may be required from time to time by Party.
The evidence of insurance shall include a statement by the insurer that the policy or policies will not be canceled or materially altered without at least 30 days prior written notice to AIRSOPURE.
You must:<omitted>5.1.22 after the Effective Date, maintain, at your expense, insurance of the types and in the minimum amounts we specify in the Standards. All such insurance must be with insurers having the minimum ratings we specify, name as additional insureds the parties we specify in the Standards, and carry the endorsements and notice requirements we specify in the Standards. If you fail or neglect to obtain or maintain the insurance or policy limits required by this Agreement or the Standards, we have the option, but not the obligation, to obtain and maintain such insurance without notice to you, and you will immediately on our demand pay us the premiums and cost we incur in obtaining this insurance;
All  policies  shall be renewed,  and a  renewal  Certificate  of  Insurance  mailed  to Party at its main office,  or at such  other  location  as may be  specified  by Party  prior to the expiration  date of the  policies.
Each policy will name Party, and its subsidiaries,  affiliated and parent companies as an additional insured, and will provide hat the policy  cannot be canceled  without  thirty (30) days prior





written notice to Party, will insure against the liability of Party for both its and Party's  acts or omissions,  and will insure the  contractual  liability of Party  under paragraph 13.3  Additionally,  Party  agrees to carry, at Party's  expense,  umbrella coverage in an amount which is at all times the equivalent  of One  Million  Location.S.  Dollars  (Location.S.  $1,000,000)  over  the  basic<omitted>Comprehensive  General  Liability  insurance  per  restaurant;  except  that  if Party  owns  more  than ten (10)  Burger  King  Restaurants,  the  umbrella coverage applicable to all such restaurants need not exceed an mount which is at any  time  in  excess  of the  equivalent  of Ten  Million  Location.S.  Dollars  (Location.S. $10,000,000).
Franchisee  agrees  to  carry at its expense  during  the  Term of this  Agreement  Comprehensive  General  Liability insurance, including Products Liability and Broad Form Contractual Liability, in an  amount  which is at all  times  the  local  equivalent  of not less than One Million Location.S. Dollars (Location.S.  $1,000,000.00)  per occurrence for bodily injury and Five Hundred  Thousand  Location.S.  Dollars  (Location.S.  $500,000.00)  per  occurrence  for property damage, or in such increased amounts as Party may reasonably request from time to time during the Term of this  Agreement.
Franchisee agrees to participate in any governmental  Worker's  Compensation  Program,  unemployment  insurance program, hospitalization  program and any other similar  program which may be required by the laws of the country where the Franchised Restaurant is located.
Business automobile liability insurance, including owned, non-owned and hired car coverage providing third party liability insurance, covering all licensed vehicles owned or operated by or on behalf of you, with limits of liability not less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) combined single limit for both bodily injury and property damage.
Statutory workers' compensation insurance and employer's liability insurance for a minimum limit equal to at least the greater of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000) or the amounts required as underlying by your umbrella carrier, as well as such other disability benefits type insurance as may be required by statute or rule of the state in which the Franchised Business is located.
Commercial umbrella liability insurance with limits which bring the total of all primary underlying coverages (commercial general liability, comprehensive automobile liability, and employers liability) to not less than Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) total limit of liability.
Any other insurance coverage that is required by federal, state, or municipal law.
In connection with all significant construction, reconstruction, or remodeling of the Franchised Business during the term of this Agreement, you agree to require the general contractor, its subcontractors, and any other contractor, to effect and maintain at general contractor's and all other contractor's own expense, such insurance policies and bonds with such endorsements as are set forth in the Manual, all written by insurance or bonding companies that we have approved, having a rating as set forth in Section 15.1 above.
Property insurance providing coverage for direct physical loss or damage to real and personal property for all risk perils, including the perils of flood and earthquake.
Appropriate coverage must also be provided for business interruption/extra expense exposures, written on an actual loss sustained basis.
At least thirty (30) days before the time you are first required to carry any insurance under this Agreement, and from then on, at least thirty (30) days before the expiration of any such policy, you agree to deliver to us certificates of insurance evidencing the proper coverage with limits not less than those required under this Agreement.
Additional certificates evidencing the insurance required by Section 15.1 above must name us, and each of our affiliates, directors, agents, and employees, as additional insured parties, and must expressly provide that any interest of same therein will not be affected by any breach by you of any policy provisions for which such certificates evidence coverage.
Such interest may include all rights of yours under this Agreement and all rights of yours in the lists of customers, prospects and policyholders and all business records and information regarding those customers, prospects and policyholders, including the name and address of the applicant or policyholder and the date of expiration and policy limits of any insurance policy or renewal, rights to solicit the customers, prospects and policyholders for the sale of insurance products and renewal of policyholders' current policies, rights to new, renewal or other commissions and compensation from the insurance carriers or their agents, book of business, furniture, fixtures, equipment and the rights under the lease for the Approved Location.
In addition to your obligations under Section 15.7 above, on the first anniversary of the Effective Date, and on each subsequent anniversary of the Effective Date,<omitted>you agree to provide us with proof of insurance evidencing the proper coverage with limits not less than those required under this Agreement, in such form as we may reasonably require.
Before starting any activities or operations under this Partygreement, you agree to procure and maintain in full force and effect during the term of this Partygreement (and for such period thereafter as is necessary to provide the coverages required under this Partygreement for events having occurred during the Term of this Partygreement), at your expense, at least the following insurance policy or policies in connection with the Franchised Business or other facilities on premises, or by reason of the construction, operation, or occupancy of the Franchised Business or other facilities on premises. Such policy or policies must be written by an insurance company or companies we have approved, having at all times a rating of at least "Party-" in the most recent Key Rating Guide published by the Party.Party (or another rating that we reasonably designate if Party.Party no longer

Page 35 of 80





publishes the Key Rating Guide) and licensed and admitted to do business in the state in which the Franchised Business is located, and must include, at a minimum (except that we may reasonably specify additional coverages and higher policy limits for all franchisees periodically in the Manual or otherwise in writing to reflect inflation, identification of new risks, changes in the law or standards of liability, higher damage awards and other relevant changes in circumstances), the following: 15.1.1 Commercial general liability insurance, including us, and any entity in which we have an interest and any entity affiliated with us and each of our members, managers, shareholders, directors, officers, partners, employees, servants and agents as additional insureds protecting against any and all claims for personal, bodily and/or property injury occurring in or about the Franchised Business and protecting against assumed or contractual liability under this Partygreement with respect to the Franchised Business and your operations, with such policy to be placed with minimum limits of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) combined single limit per occurrence and One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) general aggregate per location; provided, however, that at our election, such minimum limits may be periodically increased.
Data theft and cybersecurity coverage.
If your Approved Location is located in a flood zone other than Location, Location or Location, as determined by the Party, you must also obtain flood insurance coverage in the amount of the lesser of 90% of the replacement cost or the maximum coverage available from the National Flood Insurance Program.
Professional indemnity insurance providing coverage for loss or damage arising out of an act or omission of the franchisee or its employees, minimum of $1,000,000 of coverage for every $5,000,000 of annual written premium by you with a floor of $1,000,000 of coverage and a maximum deductible of $25,000 allowed.
You agree not to open the Franchise for business until:<omitted>(5) you have furnished us with copies of all insurance policies required by Paragraph 10.8 of this Agreement, or have provided us with appropriate alternative evidence of insurance coverage and payment of premiums as we have requested;
Prior to the expiration of the term of each insurance policy, you must furnish us with a copy of a renewal or replacement insurance policy and appropriate certificates of insurance.
We have the right to terminate this Agreement effective upon delivery of notice of termination to you, if:<omitted>(13) you fail to procure or maintain any and all insurance coverage that we require, or otherwise fail to name us as an additional insured on any such insurance policies and failure to do so within ten (10) days after written notice is given to you;
Each insurance policy must name us (and, if we so request, our members, directors, employees, agents, and affiliates) as additional insureds, and must provide us with thirty (30) days' advance written notice of any material modification, cancellation, or expiration of the policy. Deductibles must be in reasonable amounts, and are subject to review and written approval by us.
If you at any time fail or refuse to maintain any insurance coverage required by us or to furnish satisfactory evidence thereof, then we, at our option and in addition to our other rights and remedies under this Agreement, may, but need not, obtain such insurance coverage on your behalf, and you shall reimburse us on demand for any costs or premiums paid or incurred by us, including any administrative fees or surcharges that we may incur.
Before you open the Franchise and during any Term of this Agreement, you must maintain in force, under policies of insurance written on an occurrence basis issued by carriers with an A.M. Best rating of A-VIII or better approved by us, and in such amounts as we may determine from time to time: (1) comprehensive public, professional, product, medical malpractice and motor vehicle liability insurance against claims for bodily and personal injury, death and property damage caused by or occurring in conjunction with the operation of the Franchise or otherwise in conjunction with your conduct of the Franchise Business pursuant to this Agreement, under one or more policies of insurance containing minimum liability coverage amounts as set forth in the Operations Manual; (2) general casualty insurance, including theft, cash theft, fire and extended coverage, vandalism and malicious mischief insurance, for the replacement value of the Franchise and its contents, and any other assets of the Franchise; (3) worker's compensation and employer's liability insurance as required by law, with limits equal to or in excess of those required by statute; (4) business interruption insurance for a period adequate to reestablish normal business operations, but in any event not less than six (6) months; (5) any other insurance required by applicable law, rule, regulation, ordinance or licensing requirements; and (6) umbrella liability coverage with limits of not less than $1,000,000/$3,000,000 or such other amounts that we may establish in the Operations Manual.
You agree at your own expense to do the following by the Opening Deadline defined in Exhibit 1:<omitted>(10) provide proof, in a format satisfactory to us, that you have obtained all required insurance policies, and have name us, as an additional insurance under all such policies;
You must provide us with copies of policies evidencing the existence of such insurance concurrently with execution of this Agreement and prior to each subsequent renewal date of each insurance policy, along with certificates evidencing such insurance.
In addition to the requirements of the foregoing paragraphs of this Paragraph 10.8, you must maintain any and all insurance coverage in such amounts and under such terms and conditions as may be required in connection with your lease or purchase of the Premises.
You must purchase such insurance coverage(s) only from our approved or designated supplier(s).
Party will maintain insurance (including but not limited<omitted>to liability and property insurance covering the Hosting Servers and Party's operation thereof) in accordance with the requirements set forth in the Software Development Agreement and Loan Agreement between the parties of even date herewith.
If requested each Party will provide the other with a current and valid certificate of insurance evidencing the above and showing the name of the issuing company, the policy number, the effective date, the expiration date and the limits of liability.
Each Party shall obtain and maintain commercial general liability insurance, including product liability insurance covering the obligations of that Party under this Agreement through the Term and for a period of [***] thereafter, which insurance shall afford limits of not less than (i) $[***] for each occurrence; and (ii) $[***] in the aggregate per annum. Such insurance may be provided in more than one separate insurance policy and/or on claims made or claims made and reported forms as is common in the insurance marketplace for similar risks.
PartyABLISHMENT, at its sole cost and expense, will maintain appropriate insurance including, but not limited to, Commercial Party Liability Insurance with premises, operations coverage including Person Injury/Property Damage coverage, with limits of not less than $1,000,000 per occurrence. As of January 1, 2015, such insurance shall also have annual aggregate limits not less than $2,000,000. Evidence of insurance indicating such coverage will be delivered to Party upon request. The evidence will (a) indicate that the policy will not change or terminate without at least fifteen (15) days prior written notice to Party, (b) Party shall be listed as an additional insured on the commercial general liability policy.
Party and Party shall maintain comprehensive general liability insurance, including product liability insurance against claims regarding the manufacture of Product under this Agreement and sufficient cover to meet its liabilities under this Agreement in respect of the Party Equipment, with insurers having an AM Best rating within the top 2 categories at the time (at the date of this Agreement known as "superior" or "excellent") or reasonably comparable coverage, in such amounts as it customarily maintains for similar products and activities, but in no event less than [***] per individual claim and [***] in the aggregate.
Each party shall maintain such insurance during the Term and thereafter for so long as it customarily maintains insurance for itself for similar products and activities (but in no event less than [***] following termination or expiration).
Party shall provide, and shall cause its Affiliates and sublicensees who perform activities in connection with the manufacture of Product to provide, to Party, upon its reasonable request, a statement of coverages, amounts of insurance, and deductibles, and a copy of all policies including clauses within the policies that the insurance company has a duty to defend and indemnify.
Partyem shall, during the Initial Term and any Renewal Terms, and [***] after the expiration of the last Product is delivered, obtain and maintain, at its own cost and expense and from a qualified insurance company, comprehensive general liability insurance including, but not limited to, contractual liability coverage and standard product liability coverage in an amount commensurate with industry standards.
[*] will have insurance policies with reputable insurers to provide coverage and amounts that secure its obligations and potential liabilities under this Agreement.
[*] is responsible for all premiums, deductibles and retentions for such insurance.
After this Agreement expires or terminates, [*] will either have an active policy or purchase an extended reporting period that has coverage for claims first made and reported to the insurer within 2 years after this Agreement expires or terminates
At Party's request to Party from time to time, Party shall furnish Party with certification of insurance evidencing that insurance and shall provide at least [* * *] Business Days prior written notice to Party of any cancellation of or decrease in the dollar amount of coverage provided by any such policy.
Partyapotherm shall at its cost obtain and maintain product-liability insurance coverage in the amount of $[* * *] in relation to the Party.
Party shall have the right to maintain such insurance coverage on Party's behalf and at Party' s expense in the event of nonpayment of premiums or lapse of coverage.
At the request of Party from time to time, Party shall famish Party with certification of insurance evidencing that insurance and shall endeavour to provide at least [* * *] Business Days prior written notice to Party of any cancellation of or decrease in the amount of coverage provided by any such policy.
Party shall at its cost obtain and maintain one or more insurance policies providing coverage of at least Euro [* * *] in the aggregate that cover Party for fire, theft, fidelity, product liability, and any and all potential claims, suits, losses, expenses, or damages arising out of Party's obligations under this Agreement.
Operator shall maintain statutory worker's compensation insurance, covering all of its and its Affiliates'  employees and statutory employees, in accordance with the benefits afforded by the statutory Worker's Compensation Acts applicable  to the state, territory, or district of hire, supervision, or place of accident.
Operator shall maintain Commercial General Liability Insurance covering its operations under this  Agreement<omitted>including, without limitation, bodily injury, death, property damage, independent contractors, products/completed operations,  contractual, and personal injury liability, with a limit of not less than one million dollars ($1,000,000) per occurrence and two million dollars  ($2,000,000) in the annual aggregate.
including, without limitation, bodily injury, death, property damage, independent contractors, products/completed operations,  contractual, and personal injury liability, with a limit of not less than one million dollars ($1,000,000) per occurrence and two million dollars  ($2,000,000) in the annual aggregate.
Operator shall maintain Umbrella Liability Insurance coverage covering in excess of (a), (b), and (c) above,  excluding Worker's Compensation, in the amount of ten million dollars ($10,000,000).







Insurance, the applicable contractor shall be required to cause its insurers to wave all rights of recovery or subrogation against Owner and  Operator, where not prohibited by law.
Operator shall require each of its contractors to carry insurance coverage substantially equivalent to the insurance required  of Operator above, and to include provisions for its contractors to name Owner and Operator as additional insureds, with the exception of  Workers' Compensation Insurance, and state that such policies will be primary to and non-contributory with any other insurance maintained by  Operator and Owner.
Operator, with respect to Operator's activities provided for under this Agreement, shall maintain the following insurance coverage with  responsible insurance carriers and/or through a program of self-insurance:
Operator shall attempt to obtain reasonable indemnification and insurance protection from contractors performing services for Owner to protect  Owner and Operator. Operator shall require each of its contractors to carry insurance coverage substantially equivalent to the insurance required
In addition, Operator shall maintain employer's liability  insurance with a limit of not less than one million dollars ($1,000,000) each accident, one million dollars ($1,000,000) disease each  employee, and one million dollars ($1,000,000) disease policy limit.
Operator shall maintain Commercial Automobile Insurance coverage, including, without limitation,  bodily injury and property damage for owned, hired, rented, and non-owned automotive equipment with a limit of not less than one million  dollars ($1,000,000) per accident.
Operator shall  have its insurer(s) waive its right of subrogation against Owner Indemnified Parties on all insurance carried.
Party shall maintain in force (at its own expense) for the term of this agreement and for six years after its termination:<omitted>22.1.1 employer's liability insurance for the minimum amount of £5 million to cover injury (including death) relating to the  provision of the Maintenance Services to Party; and     22.1.2 comprehensive general liability insurance, including professional indemnity, public liability and product liability insurance,  for the minimum amount of £5 million to cover injury (including death), loss and damage relating to the provision of the  Maintenance Services to Party.
Service Provider shall provide and maintain excess liability insurance covering employer's liability, commercial  general liability, and business automobile liability, in the amount of Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000) combined single limit policy limit per  occurrence and in the aggregate for bodily injury and property damage.
All policies of insurance referred to in this Section 4.1 shall be endorsed: (i) to specify that they are primary to and not  excess to or on a contributing basis with any insurance or self-insurance maintained by Owner, Owner and User (and their respective Affiliates) or  any SubService Providers in respect of losses arising out of or in connection with the Services; (ii) to include Owner, Owner, User and, upon  User's request and if applicable, User's landlord, or a subsequent owner, tenant or subtenant of the Premises as additional insureds; and (iii)  contain a standard severability of interests clause.
Service Provider shall provide and maintain worker's compensation insurance as required by applicable law where the  Services are performed and employer's liability insurance with a limit of liability of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) for each accident and in the  aggregate.
Within thirty (30) days after the Effective Date, Service Provider shall provide a certificate of insurance and  thereafter shall maintain the following insurance during the Term with insurance carriers reasonably acceptable to Owner:

(a) Commercial General Liability. Service Provider shall provide and maintain commercial general liability insurance with combined single policy  limits not less than Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) for bodily injury or property damage for each occurrence and in the aggregate, including broad  form contractual liability insurance, broad form property damage, personal injury, products and completed operations insurance.

(b) Automobile Liability. Service Provider shall provide and maintain business auto liability insurance covering owned, non-owned and hired  automobiles in the amount of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) combined<omitted>single policy limit for bodily injury and property damage for each accident.
Should the Managing Party agree to jointly          insure against such risks, the cost of such insurance will form part of          the capital costs referred to in Subparagraph 13.1.
Party Insurance in respect of all motor vehicles brought onto the   premises of Party.
Without limiting Party'S liabilities or responsibilities in terms of the   AGREEMENT, Party will provide and maintain insurance to cover its   liability and responsibilities in terms of this AGREEMENT.
Insurance in terms of the Compensation for Injuries and Diseases Act, No. 130 of   1993, as amended
Such certificate will provide that there shall be no cancellation, non-renewal, or modification of such coverage without thirty days' prior written notice to the Company.
The Provider will obtain and maintain appropriate liability insurance in an amount of not less than $1,000,000 combined single limit for accidents or occurrences which cause bodily injury, death or property damage related to the performance of the Services. The insurance policy willname the Company as an additional insured.
Operator shall require each of its contractors to carry insurance coverage substantially equivalent to the insurance required of Operator above, and to include provisions for its contractors to name Owner and Operator as additional insureds, with the exception of Workers' Compensation Insurance, and state that such policies will be primary to and non-contributory with any other insurance maintained by Operator and Owner.
Upon request, Operator agrees to furnish to Owner certificates of insurance or other evidence satisfactory to Owner to demonstrate that the required insurance has been procured and is in force
Operator shall maintain Umbrella Liability Insurance coverage covering in excess of (a), (b), and (c) above, excluding Worker's Compensation, in the amount of ten million dollars ($10,000,000).
Operator shall maintain Commercial Automobile Insurance coverage, including, without limitation, bodily injury and property damage for owned, hired, rented, and non-owned automotive equipment with a limit of not less than one million dollars ($1,000,000) per accident.
Operator shall maintain Commercial General Liability Insurance covering its operations under this Agreement including, without limitation, bodily injury, death, property damage, premises/operations, sudden and accidental pollution, independent contractors, products/completed operations, contractual, and personal injury liability, with a limit of not less than one million dollars ($1,000,000) per occurrence and two million dollars ($2,000,000) in the annual aggregate.
Operator, with respect to Operator's activities provided for under this Agreement, shall maintain the following insurance coverage with responsible insurance carriers:

(a)    Workers' Compensation. Operator shall maintain statutory worker's  compensation insurance, covering all of its and its Affiliates' employees and statutory employees, in accordance with the benefits afforded by the statutory Worker's Compensation Acts applicable to the state, territory, or district of hire, supervision, or place of accident. In addition, Operator shall maintain employer's liability insurance with a limit of not less than one million dollars ($1,000,000) each accident, one million dollars ($1,000,000) disease each employee, and one million dollars ($1,000,000) disease policy limit. Where not prohibited by law, Operator shall waive its right of subrogation against Owner.
To the extent of the liabilities assumed by Operator in this Agreement, Operator shall name Owner Indemnified Parties as additional insured on all insurance policies,<omitted>except Workers' Compensation.
The Owner Indemnified Parties' additional insured status will not limit the application of insurance protection as required by this Agreement which arises out of the Operator's indemnity obligations. These policies shall provide primary coverage for claims in which Operator has agreed to hold harmless and/or to indemnify the Owner Indemnified Parties.
The Agent, shall, during the term of this Agreement, maintain full insurance against the risk of loss or damages to the Roundup Products for any Agents' warehouse where Roundup Products are under the custody of the Agent and, upon request, shall furnish Party with satisfactory evidence of the maintenance of said insurance.
Party shall arrange product liability and warranty insurance.
Each Significant Subsidiary that is required to be organized or licensed as an insurance company in its jurisdiction of incorporation (each, an "Party Subsidiary" and collectively, the "Party Subsidiaries") is licensed<omitted>as an insurance company in its respective jurisdiction of incorporation and is duly licensed or authorized as an insurer in each other jurisdiction where it is required to be so licensed or authorized to conduct its business, in each case with such exceptions as would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; except as otherwise described in the Disclosure Package, each Party Subsidiary has all other approvals, orders, consents, authorizations, licenses, certificates, permits, registrations and qualifications (collectively, the "Approvals") of and from all insurance regulatory authorities to conduct its business, with such exceptions as would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; there is no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened action, suit, proceeding or investigation that could reasonably be expected to lead to any revocation, termination or suspension of any such Approval, the revocation, termination or suspension of which would have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; and, to the knowledge of the Company, no insurance regulatory agency or body has issued any order or decree impairing, restricting or prohibiting the payment of dividends by any Party Subsidiary to its parent which would have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.
Each Insurance Subsidiary is in compliance with and conducts its businesses in conformity with all applicable insurance laws and regulations of its respective jurisdiction of incorporation and the insurance laws and regulations of other jurisdictions which are applicable to it, in each case with such exceptions as would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.
Each Party shall maintain, at its own cost, comprehensive product liability insurance, general commercial liability insurance and business interruption insurance at a level which is reasonable and customary taking into account the nature of the Product but which shall  have combined limits of not less than $[**] per occurrence.
During the Lease Term, Party shall:<omitted>maintain property damage and liability insurance and insurance against  loss or damage to the Transferred Equipment as part of Party's general liability insurance.
Such insurance shall be with a reputable insurance company and where  reasonably possible (taking into account the availability of such insurance) shall be maintained for not less than [**] ([**]) years following  the expiry or termination of this Agreement.
Each Party will provide to the other Party evidence of its insurance and thirty (30) days  prior written notice of any cancellation of its coverage or reduction in coverage from the requirements stated herein.
In those states where Partyroker Party has not obtained an insurance license, Partyroker Party represents and   warrants that: it has entered into an insurance networking agreement with the undersigned duly licensed   insurance affiliate(s) to act on its behalf in the capacity of a licensed insurance agent or agency   ("Affiliated Agency").
The Company and each of its subsidiaries maintains insurance covering their properties, personnel and business.
All such  insurance is outstanding and duly in force on the date hereof and will be outstanding and duly in force on the Commencement Date and the  Remarketing Settlement Date.
Such insurance insures  against such losses and risks as are adequate in accordance with the Company's perception of customary industry practice to protect the  Company and its subsidiaries and their businesses.
Each party shall maintain insurance, including comprehensive or commercial general liability and products liability insurance (contractual liability included), with respect to its activities under this Agreement in such amounts and with such limits as reasonable and customary in the industry, but with limits not less than the following: (a) each occurrence, one million  dollars ($1,000,000); (b) products/completed operations aggregate, five million dollars ($5,000,000); (c) personal and advertising injury, one million dollars ($1,000,000); and (d) general aggregate (commercial form only), five million dollars ($5,000,000).
Each Party shall maintain such insurance for so long as it continues its activities under this Agreement, and thereafter for so long as it customarily maintains insurance for itself covering similar activities.
Party shall provide at its expense and maintain throughout           --------- the term of this Agreement and any option period spectator liability insurance  in an amount not less than $1 million single limit coverage with respect to any  liability relating to the activities of Party in the performance of this  Agreement.  Party shall, within 90 days of the execution of this Agreement,  supply Party with a copy of such policy of insurance or a certificate thereof, and such policies shall be cancelable only upon 10 days written notice to  Party.
c. Sponsor must obtain, and continuously maintain, at its own expense, the following insurance policies:     1. Workers' Compensation in compliance with Location's laws, including Employers' Liability with minimum limits of:   $ *** Each Accident; $ *** Disease - Each Employee; $ *** Disease - Policy Limit.

  2. An Party occurrence based Commercial General Liability Insurance Policy, including contractual liability and products/completed operations liability coverage with minimum limits of:

$ *** Each Occurrence; $ *** General Aggregate; $ *** Products/Completed Operations Aggregate.
All policies shall be endorsed to provide a Waiver of Subrogation in favor of Party.
Sponsor shall provide Party with certificates of insurance evidencing compliance with all insurance provisions noted above prior to the commencement of the sponsorship and annually prior to the expiration of each required insurance policy.
All insurance policies must be issued by an admitted insurance carrier with an A.Party. Party rating of A-8 or better. Party, Party, the Party and each of their subsidiary or affiliated companies and its and their directors, officers and employees must be named  as Additional Insureds under the Commercial General Liability, Automobile Liability  and Umbrella Liability Policies.
Further, coverage for the Additional Insureds shall apply on a primary basis irrespective of any other insurance, whether collectible or not.
All of these policies must contain Cross Liability Endorsements, or their equivalent.
Without limiting or qualifying the Sponsor's liabilities, obligations, or indemnities, before the Event, the Sponsor will obtain, at its sole cost and expense, a comprehensive general liability insurance policy from a company acceptable to Party and authorized to do business in the state of Location with limits of no less than $1,000,000.00 per occurrence and $2,000,000.00 as an annual aggregate. The insurance mentioned in the preceding sentence will name Party as additional insured. The Sponsor will also maintain any statutorily required workers compensation insurance.
At a minimum, Reseller will subscribe for and maintain           during the Term and for a period of two (2) years thereafter,           commercial general liability insurance and errors and omission           insurance in minimum amounts of Two Million Dollars (US$2,000,000) per           occurrence.
Each policy will include a provision requiring notice to the           other party at least thirty (30) days prior to any cancellation,           non-renewal, or material modification of the policy and will require           that each policy will name Party as an additional insured.
Reseller will ensure that any persons or entities           engaged by or employed by it will carry and maintain such insurance           coverage.
Failure to secure such insurance as of the date of execution of this Agreement shall constitute a breach of this Agreement.
Supplier shall maintain insurance with an insurance company with an equivalent of an A.M. Best rating of "A" or better, of the following kinds and in the following amounts during the term of this Agreement: 7.5 7.5.1 Comprehensive General Liability (CGL) Insurance with limits of not less than [***] each occurrence and [***] in the aggregate, including Contractual, Completed-Operations and<omitted>Product-Liability Coverage's with limits of not less than [***] for each occurrence, covering both bodily injury and property damage liability. 7.5.2 Umbrella/Excess Liability with limits of not less than [***]. 7.5.3 Workers' Compensation Coverage plus Occupational Disease Insurance if Occupational Disease coverage is required by the laws of the state where the Facility is located or work is to be performed. Employers Liability $500,000 each accident 7.5.4 Auto Liability $1,000,000 combined single limit.
Said certificate of insurance shall require Supplier's insurance carrier to give Buyer no less than ten (10) days written notice of any cancellation or change in coverage.
Supplier shall furnish Buyer with a certificate from its insurer verifying that it has the above insurance in effect during the duration of this Agreement and that insurer acknowledges (a) the contractual liability assumed by Supplier in this Agreement and (b) that Buyer is an additional insured on such policies and (c) Supplier's CGL policy is primary and Buyer's CGL policy is non-contributory and (d) a waiver of subrogation shall be provided in favor of Buyer on the CGL, Workers' Compensation and Auto policies.
Supplier shall have Buyer named as an additional insured on its insurance policies in subparts 7.5.1 and 7.5.2 above.
Supplier shall provide to Party a certificate evidencing such insurance within thirty (30) days of a request for same from Party.
In addition, each of the Parties shall maintain and keep in force at its sole cost and expense throughout the Term of this Agreement and for three years following the effective date of expiration or termination hereof (if such policies are on a claims made basis), Product Liability Insurance from carriers having an A.M. Best rating of A with a combined single limit of not less than $[***] per occurrence and in the aggregate annually.
Each party agrees to give the other party written notice, promptly, of any material change in or cancellation of coverages or limits.
Each of Supplier and Party shall maintain and keep in force at its sole cost and expense throughout the Term of this Agreement and for three years following the effective date of expiration or termination hereof (if such policies are on a claims made basis), Commercial General Liability Insurance from carriers having an A. Party. Party rating of A, including Product Recall, Bodily Injury and Property Damage Insurance, with a combined single limit of not less than $[***] per occurrence and $[***] in the aggregate annually (this limit can be secured via a combination of primary and excess/umbrella policies). I
Each party agrees to provide the other party with a Certificate of Insurance evidencing such coverage, naming the other party as an additional insured.
In addition, if and for so long as Supplier utilizes any subcontractor(s) or agents to provide services hereunder, Supplier will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause each such subcontractor to hold, at least, the minimum insurance coverages listed above.
If requested, [***] shall arrange for any insurance desired by [***] on shipments of Product, in amounts that [***] shall determine, and naming [***].
During the term of this Agreement and for a period [*] after any expiration or termination of this Agreement, each of INTERSECT and HOVIONE shall maintain in full force and effect a comprehensive general liability insurance policy, including Products Liability coverage, with minimum limits of [*] for bodily injury including death.
. Each Party shall provide the other with written notice at least [***] days prior to the cancellation, non renewal or material change in such insurance.
Each Party shall procure and maintain insurance, including clinical trials and product liability insurance, adequate to cover its obligations hereunder and consistent with normal business practices of prudent companies similarly situated at all times during which any Product or Vaccine Compositions is being clinically tested in human subjects or commercially distributed or sold by such Party.
Each Party shall provide the other with written evidence of such insurance upon reques
For the duration of this Agreement and for a period of [***] following its termination, each Party agrees to obtain and maintain, during the Term, commercial general liability insurance, including product liability insurance, with reputable and financially secure insurance carriers (or pursuant to a program of self-insurance reasonably satisfactory to the other Party) to cover its indemnification obligations under Section 7.1 or Section 7.2, as applicable, in each case with limits of not less than [***] per occurrence and in the aggregate. Insurance shall be procured with carriers having an A.M. Best Rating of A-VII or better.
Party, at its expense, agrees to maintain insurance coverage to protect against its liabilities under the Agreement in an amount no less than is reasonable or required by applicable statute.
This insurance will include (a) worker's compensation insurance, (b) comprehensive general liability insurance, including coverage for product liability, bodily injury and property damage, and (c) automobile liability insurance.
Upon Distributor's written request, Party will furnish the applicable certificate of insurance.
The Company may require the Professional to provide insurance certificates evidencing the same.
The Professional agrees to maintain at all times during the Term such insurance, including without limitation, health insurance, workers' compensation, automobile and general comprehensive liability coverage, as will protect and hold harmless the Company from any claims, losses, damages, costs, expenses or liability arising out of the Services performed under this Agreement.
