This agreement shall begin upon the date of its execution by Party and acceptance in writing by Company and shall remain in effect until the end of the current calendar year and shall be automatically renewed for successive one (1) year periods unless otherwise terminated according to the cancellation or termination provisions contained in paragraph 18 of this Agreement.
At Rogers' option, this Agreement shall renew for a subsequent term of two (2) years on the terms and conditions herein (the "Renewal Term").
License Term Perpetual, unlimited runs x Other: 2 years Commencing: November 15, 2012
Thereafter, this Agreement shall renew automatically for one (1) additional three (3) year period (the "Renewal Term" and collectively, together with the Initial Term, the "Term") unless either party provides the other with written notice of non-renewal at least ninety (90) days before the expiration of the Initial Term].
This agreement shall automatically renew for additional successive terms of twelve (12) months each at the end of the Initial Term ("Renewal Terms"), unless either party notifies the other in writing at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the Initial Term.
If this Agreement is renewed for the Second Additional Term, then the Second Additional Term shall commence on July 23, 2019 and the Agreement shall expire and terminate automatically without further notice on July 22, 2022.
In the event that Party shall achieve Net Sales (as defined below) of $20 million (the "First Renewal Threshold") in the aggregate during the Third Contract Year, then this Agreement shall automatically be renewed for an additional term of three (3) years (the "First Additional Term") on the same terms and conditions for the Initial Term except that: (i) no additional Stock Compensation (as defined below) shall be issued in connection with the renewal Term, (ii) the Cash Compensation for the First Additional Term shall be as set forth in Section 7 and Exhibit "C" Section (2) attached hereto, (iii) Endorser shall only be obligated to make two (2) Appearances in each Contract Year during the First Additional Term pursuant to Section 4(a)(ii) below and (iv) the marketing budget to promote the Licensed Products shall be $5.0 million during each Contract Year of the First Additional Term (subject to Section 12(b) of this Agreement).
If this Agreement is renewed for the First Additional Term, then the First Additional Term shall commence on July 23, 2016, and the Agreement shall expire and terminate automatically without further notice on July 22, 2019.
In the event that Party shall achieve Net Sales of $50 million (the "Second Renewal Threshold") in the aggregate during the sixth Contract Year, then this Agreement shall automatically be renewed for an additional term of three (3) years (the "Second Additional Term") on the same terms and conditions for the initial Term except that: (i) no additional Stock Compensation (as defined below) shall be issued in connection with the renewal Term, (ii) the Cash Compensation for the renewal Term shall be as set forth in Section 7 and Exhibit "C" Section (3) attached hereto, (iii) Endorser shall only be obligated to make two (2) Appearances in each Contract Year during the Second Additional Term pursuant to Section 4(a)(ii) below and (iv) the marketing budget to promote the Licensed Products shall be $5.0 in each Contract Year of the Second Additional Term (subject to Section 12(b) of this Agreement).
This Agreement shall automatically continue following the Initial Term, for an additional period of three (3) years, unless a party to this Agreement provides written notice of termination to the other parties at least sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or this Agreement ("Extended Term" and, with the Initial Term, "Term").
This agreement begins on the Commencement Date and, subject to clause 11.2, shall continue for an initial term of one (1) years (Initial Term) and indefinitely after that until terminated by either party giving at least twelve (12) months' prior written notice to expire on or after the expiry date of the initial term.
Distributor shall have the option to renew this Agreement for an additional Three (3) year period by providing prior written notice to Company within Ninety (90) days of the end of the initial period of this Agreement.
This agreement shall automatically renew for a period of three (3) years and upon the parties mutual agreement on new minimum performance goals for the renewal period.
Upon expiration of the Initial Term of this Agreement, this Agreement will automatically renew for additional, successive five (5) year periods unless either Party provides the other Party written notice of its desire to terminate at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the end of the Initial Term or any renewal.
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and automatically renewing annually thereafter, unless either party provides a thirty-day notice of written termination one to the other ("Term").
In the event that either Wade or Naked wishes to extend the Term of the Agreement as contemplated above, it shall provide the other Party with written notice at least ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the Term.
The other Party will then have a period of fourteen (14) days from the date of the notice to indicate whether it also desires to extend the Term, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and if no such indication is made, the other Party will be deemed to have declined the offer to extend
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of four (4) years, commencing on the Effective Date, which term may be extended for up to three (3) years by written agreement of both Parties prior to the expiration date of the initial term or any extension thereof (collectively, the "Term").
At the end of *** Parties will negotiate in good faith regarding a possible extension of the Initial Term.
Parties can mutually agree in writing to deviate from an automatic extension of *** by extending this Agreement for a longer period than ***.
If no termination notice is provided, the Agreement will be automatically extended for consecutive *** periods until such time as *** termination notice is provided.
This Agreement shall automatically renew beyond the Initial Term for successive one (I) year terms (each, a "Renewal Term"), unless a Party provides the other with written notice of termination at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the then-current Renewal Term.
If either party elects not to renew the Agreement and the other party wishes to continue the Agreement, the Parties shall attempt in good faith to negotiate an amendment to the Agreement to renew the Term on such terms as may be negotiated by the Parties.
Thereafter, the agreement shall automatically renew for successive five (5)-year terms, unless either Party gives written notice to the other Party of intent not to renew at least six (6) months prior to the expiration of the then-current Term.
This Agreement shall automatically be renewed for successive one (1) year increments unless either party request in writing, at least ninety (90) days prior to the anniversary date, that this Agreement not to be renewed.
Following the Initial Term, the Agreement shall automatically be renewed for additional periods of **** (each, a "Renewal Term," and, together with the Initial Term, the "Term")), unless a Party provides written notification of non-renewal to the other Party at least **** of the Initial Term or a Renewal Term.
A Facility Addendum may be extended for up to three (3) additional periods of twelve (12) months (each, an "Extension Period") by written notice given by Customer to Manufacturer not less than twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Extension Period, as the case may be
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Facility Addendum, this Agreement (a) shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of four (4) years from such date (the "Initial Term" of this Agreement), unless sooner terminated pursuant to Section 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 or 7.7, and (b) may be extended for up to three (3) additional periods of twelve (12) months (each, an "Extension Period") by written notice given by Customer to Manufacturer not less than twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Extension Period, as the case may be.
Upon completion of the Initial Term, provided that the Reseller has achieved the Annual Milestones, the term of the Agreement shall be automatically renewed for an additional five (5) years.
Thereafter, at the end of each renewal term, the Agreement shall renew for an additional two (2) years unless one party provides the other party with prior written notice of non-renewal at least sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of the then-current term.
The term of this JSMA shall commence on May 1, 2020 (the "Commencement Date") and ends at April 30, 2029 (the "Term"), with automatic renewals each for a period of five (5) years (a "Renewal Term") unless notice is given pursuant to 5.2.
Following the Initial Term, this Agreement shall automatically renew for successive terms of six (6) months (each a "Renewal Term", and together with the Initial Term, the "Term") unless written notice is given by either Party no later than thirty (30) days in advance of the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Renewal Term.
It is established by calendar year and renewed tacitly every year.
Should the Parties have not agreed to the following agreement by [* * *], this Agreement shall automatically stay in force for a maximum of [* * *] (unless otherwise mutually agreed by the Parties or as otherwise set forth in Section 18.1(a)) or until the Parties have signed the follow-on agreement (the "Renewal Term").
At any time prior to the end of the Term, the Parties may agree in writing to extend the Agreement for successive One (1) Year periods (the "Renewal Terms") under the same conditions set forth herein.
This Agreement shall be automatically renewed for successive three (3) year terms thereafter (each a "Renewal Term" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term") until and unless (i) either Party provides the other Party written notice of non-renewal no later than ninety (90) days prior the end of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term or (ii) earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 11.
Contract is renewable for 1 year extension by amendment to this agreement.
Thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically be renewed for successive 1-year terms (each a "Renewal Term", and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
The Agreement shall automatically renew for successive one (1) year terms (each a "Renewal Term") unless either party provides the other party written notification of its intent to terminate the Agreement no later than sixty (60) days prior to the end of the then applicable term.
This Agreement shall continue until January 18, 2022, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods ending on January 18th of each year, provided such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (a) the Party's Board of Trustees and (b) a vote of a majority (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Party's Trustees who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Party and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of the Plan, in this Agreement, or any agreement related to the Plan (the "Qualified Trustees"), by vote cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting on such approval.
This agreement will be automatically renewed at the end of every ten (10) year term, with each subsequent term of renewal being for a ten (10) year term.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
In the event that either party does not give such notice, the term of this Agreement shall be automatically renewed for another one (1) year.
A party wishing to renew this Agreement shall give the other party notice thereof no less than thirty (30) days before the expiration of the term then in effect.
Party shall have the right to          annually renew this agreement for a period of one year upon each annual          expiration with the written consent of Party, which written consent          shall not be unreasonably withheld.
LeadersOnline shall have the option, subject to Party's approval exercised in its sole  and absolute discretion, to extend the Term of this Agreement for an additional 12 months (a "Renewal Term") on such terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed upon by the Parties.
This Agreement will automatically renew at the end of the Initial Term or a subsequent renewal term on a year to year basis (each, a "Renewal Term"), unless either Party notifies the other at least 30 days prior to the end of the Initial Term or then current Renewal Term, as applicable, of its intention not to renew this Agreement (a "Termination Notice").
This Agreement will automatically renew at the end of the Initial Term or a subsequent renewal term on a year to year basis (each, a "Renewal Term"), unless either party notifies the other at least 30 days prior to the end of the Initial Term or then current Renewal Term, as applicable, of its intention not to renew this Agreement.
This  Agreement  shall  be effective upon the<omitted>Effective Date and shall remain in force for a period of one (1) year, and shall be automatically renewed for successive periods of one (1) year unless otherwise terminated  as provided  herein.
The Agreement shall automatically renew for successive one year additional terms unless terminated by either party at least six months prior to the expiration of the then-current term.
Party shall have the right to elect by written notice to the Party at any time between two (2) and six (6) months prior to the end of such initial term or any subsequent Renewal Period (as defined below), to notify the Party that Party elects to seek to extend such term for additional two (2)-year periods (each a "Renewal Period") In the event of such election, Party and the Party shall have  -------------- a period of sixty (60) days in which to negotiate commercially reasonable Basic Fees, Bounty Fees and eBay Fees (and other applicable fees) ("Fee Schedule")                                                               ------------ under which the Party would be willing to renew this Agreement for such Renewal Period.
If Party notifies the Company of its intent to so renew prior to the end of such initial term or such Renewal Period, the term of this Agreement shall automatically be extended for the Renewal Period and, other than the Fee Schedule, all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.
This Agreement shall be for the term of one year; thereafter, the Agreement shall renew automatically under these same  terms and agreements unless superceded by future agreements.
If the Term is renewed as described in Section 2(b), Party and Affiliate will negotiate exclusively and in good faith concerning further renewal of this Agreement upon mutually-agreed terms and conditions; provided, that unless Party and Affiliate otherwise agree in writing, the exclusive negotiation period will end six (6) months before the expiration of the Term.
If Affiliate fails to notify Party of its desire that this Agreement terminate on its expiration date, at least six (6) months before the expiration date, this Agreement will automatically renew, upon the same terms and conditions, for an additional four (4) -year period ("Renewal Term").
This Agreement will automatically renew for successive  one-year  terms  unless  terminated by either party by providing the other  with  30  days  written notice that this Agreement will not be renewed or Affiliate  enters  into  a  Processing  agreement  with  Network  1  and  an ISO Sponsorship  agreement  with  Harris  Bank  in  which  case  this Agreement will automatically  terminate  concurrent  with  the  execution  of  such agreements.
Unless sooner terminated under the provisions hereof, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period  of one (1) year ("Term"). provided however, that the Parties may extend the Term for an additional year period by entering into an written  addendum of the Agreement extending such term.
The period of license granted shall be for the Term and shall extend for a period of twenty four (24) months or until terminated as per clause 8 herein.
This Agreement shall continue in effect for two years from the date hereof, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (A) the vote of the Party, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Party and (B) the vote of a majority of the Party's directors who are not parties to this Agreement or "interested persons" (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Party Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the Investment Party Act.
Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, the Parties' respective rights and obligations under this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force for ten (10) years after the First Commercial Sale of the first Licensed Product, and shall thereafter automatically renew for an unlimited period of time unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Section 15.2.
The Services Term of this Agreement shall be automatically renewed for successive two-year terms thereafter unless written notice is given by either party to the other, indicating that party's intention not to renew the Services Term of this Agreement, at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the initial Services Term or any renewed Services Term.
The Initial Term shall automatically renew for one-month periods thereafter unless either party provides 30- days advance notice of termination, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof
The Term shall automatically renew thereafter for successive 5-year terms unless either party provides prior written notice of termination not less than 90 days prior to the end of such five-year term.
Upon the expiration of the Term, the Term shall automatically extend for successive 12-month periods until one Party terminates the Agreement by providing at least 180 days prior written notice to the other Party prior to the expiration of the then-current term or unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement and any renewal term thereof shall be automatically extended at the end of the initial term and any renewal term thereof for an additional one (1) year period unless either Party notifies the other Party not less than six (6) months before the end of the then in effect term of its intent to terminate this Agreement.
This Agreement shall automatically extend for an additional two (2) years on the same terms herein ("Renewal Term") provided Party receives payments greater than twelve million Location.Location. dollars ($12,000,000) within the Initial Term.
The Initial Term shall automatically be           extended  for  an additional period of half a year unless either party           provides  the  other party with written notification of termination of           the  letter  Agreement  at  least 60 days prior to end of such period.
Party will extend the Agreement on the same terms and conditions for additional one-year terms, providing Partystributor and Party agree, predicated on satisfactory performance by both parties
This Agreement shall be automatically renewed for additional extended terms each of two (2) years duration unless either party notifies the other in writing of its intention not to renew the Agreement, such notification to be provided at least ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the then in-effect term.
After the Initial Term, this Agreement will be automatically renewed for successive additional 3~year periods ("Extension Terms"), unless otherwise terminated by either party by giving notice to the other party not less than sixty (60) days prior to the end of a Term.
At the end of such [*] ([*]) year period, Party shall have the right to renew the Agreement under materially the same terms or shall have an option to purchase the Translated Content outright to the extent rights permit and to the extent the parties mutually agree to terms for such sale.
This Agreement may be renewed for an additional term of ten (10) years by      notice in writing given by Party to Party at the expiry of the Term, for a      consideration to be mutually agreed.
This contract shall remain in effect initially for the five (5) year term ("Initial Term") from the date signed and shall be automatically extended for one (1) year periods after the Initial Term ("Renewal Term") unless (i) either party provides written notice of its intention not to renew the Agreement within 180 days prior to any Renewal Term; or (ii) this Agreement is otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms of this Section 12.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate in _____________, on _____________, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement may be renewed for successive one (1) year periods if Party and Distributor expressly agree in writing and in their sole discretion to renew this Agreement prior to the foregoing termination date or any successive renewal term.
The Agreement may be extended for one (1) year upon the parties' mutual agreement in writing, it being specifically understood the services to be performed by Party (on behalf of Party) and remuneration to Party in connection with the same shall be negotiated in good faith.
When this Agreement expires, you will have the option to continue the franchise relationship with us for two (2) additional terms of ten (10) years each.
This Agreement shall automatically renew for an additional period of three (3) years (such renewal  and each subsequent renewal shall be defined as a "Renewal Term") provided that Party achieves Net Merchandise Sales of at  least ***** during the fourth year following launch of the first Website.
Without prejudice to either party's right to terminate this Agreement as set forth in sub​ sections 18.2 to 18.5 below, Party may, by written notice to Distributor, given at least thirty (30) days prior to the end of the then-current term of the Agreement, extend the term of the Agreement for the period set forth in such notice, up to a maximum of one (1) year beyond the then- current expiration date.
Without notification the contract will automatically extend for an additional month of service.
Term: twelve (12) months from the date of the Agreement which term shall automatically renew for an additional twelve (12) months on such date if the Agreement is not otherwise terminated according to Section 8 of the Agreement.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the four-year anniversary of the Effective Date (such period, as it may be extended, either by the mutual written agreement of the parties or automatically, or earlier terminated being referred to as the "Consultation Period"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4, and shall automatically renew for successive one-year periods, unless the Company provides 90 days' notice of termination before any such successive period.
Upon the expiration of the initial term of this  Agreement,  Franchisee shall  have the one time  right to obtain a  successor  franchise  to  operate a Pretzel  Party Unit at the Site (a  "Successor  Franchise")  for a single term of five (5) years  immediately  following the expiration of the initial term of the Franchise upon giving Pretzel Party six (6) months notice prior to the expiration of the then current term
This Agreement shall automatically be renewed for one (1) or more one (1) month periods unless either the Customer or i-on gives notice to the other party of its intention not to renew the<omitted>Agreement, which notice must be given not less than fifteen (15) days before the end of the respective initial or renewal term.
This Agreement shall continue in effect from the Effective Date for a one (1) year period, unless earlier terminated as set forth below, and thereafter shall renew automatically for successive one (1) year periods unless either party gives the other party at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of its intent not to renew the Agreement.
Diplomat or Tadeo, if such party is not in default of the terms of this Agreement, may extend the term of this Agreement for an additional one year ("Additional Period"), provided the extending party gives the other party at least sixty (60) days advance written notice before the end of the Period.
Within ninety (90) days of our receipt of your notice to renew, we will furnish you with written notice of:  (i) reasons which could cause us not to grant a renewal to you including but not limited to any deficiencies which require correction and a schedule for correction by you; and (ii) our then-current requirements relating to the image, appearance, decoration, furnishing, equipping and stocking of Party businesses, and a schedule for effecting upgrading or modifications in order to bring the Franchised Restaurant in compliance, as a condition of renewal.  Renewal of the franchise shall be conditioned upon your compliance with such requirements and continued compliance with all the terms and conditions of this Agreement up to the date of termination of the initial term.
You have the right to renew the franchise for two (2) successive terms equal to five (5) years each, providing you meet all of the following conditions:

            1.    You have, during the entire term, complied with all the provisions of the Agreement;

            2.    The premises of the Franchised Restaurant meet our then-current standards for Party restaurants and you are able to maintain possession of the Franchised Restaurant.  Before the expiration date of this Agreement you must bring the Franchised Restaurant into full compliance with the specifications and standards then applicable for new or renewing Party businesses and present us with evidence satisfactory that you have the right to remain in possession of the Franchised Restaurant premises for the duration of the renewal term.  In the event you are unable to maintain possession of the premises of the Franchised Restaurant or if the premises do not meet our then-current standards, you may secure substitute premises approved by us and provided that you have furnished, stocked and equipped such premises to bring the Franchised Restaurant at its substituted premises into full compliance with the then-current specifications and standards before the expiration date of this Agreement;

            3.    You have given us written notice of your desire to renew at least six (6) months but not more than twelve (12) months prior to the end of the term;

            4.    You have satisfied all of your monetary obligations to us and our affiliates and have timely met these obligations throughout the term of this Agreement;

            5.    You have executed for the renewal term our then-current form of Franchise Agreement (with appropriate modifications to reflect the fact that the agreement relates to the grant of a renewal franchise), which shall supersede in all respects this Agreement, and the terms of which may differ from the terms of this Agreement, including, without limitation, a different percentage Continuing Fee and advertising contribution; provided, however, that the percentage Continuing Fee shall not exceed seven percent (7%) during any renewal period.  You will not be required to pay the then-current initial franchise fee or its equivalent;

            6.    You have complied with our then-current qualification and training requirements; and

            7.    You have executed a general release, in a form prescribed by us, of all claims against us and our affiliates, and respective officers, directors, agents, shareholders and employees.
The Agreement will be automatically          renewed for additional one (1) year terms (subject to applicable fee          adjustments) unless thirty (30) days prior to the anniversary of the          Effective Date Licensee gives written notice to Party of its intention          not to renew.
Following the completion of such maintenance term, Party may, at its option, renew maintenance for subsequent periods of one (1) year each, subject to adjustments proposed by Netzee not to exceed 5% at least sixty (60) days in advance of the applicable renewal date.
This      Agreement shall automatically renew for consecutive one (1) year terms      at Party's then prevailing rates at the end of each one (1) year term      unless either party gives at least sixty (60) days prior written notice      of the non-renewal of this Agreement.
Unless either party gives written notice of termination of this Agreement at least 60 days prior to the end of the Initial Term, or any successive three-year term, this Agreement shall automatically renew for successive additional three-year terms; provided, however, that this Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the dissolution of the client.
This Agreement shall be renewed automatically for another five (5) years upon the expiration unless the Parties confirm, in writing, the termination of this Agreement.
knowingly use the Services in violation of this Agreement.<omitted>4.7 Data protection. Each Party agrees to comply with all applicable data protection and privacy laws arising from its obligations, if any, under the Agreement and to reasonably co-operate with the other Party in order to allow the other Party to comply with any laws as deemed necessary from time to time. Each Party shall treat all data, information relating to Services, including but not limit to the customer personal data, as confidential. Each party warrants that it shall take appropriate technical and organizational measures against unauthorized or unlaw
knowingly use the Services in violation of this Agreement. 3





4.7 Data protection. Each Party agrees to comply with all applicable data protection and privacy laws arising from its obligations, if any, under the Agreement and to reasonably co-operate with the other Party in order to allow the other Party to comply with any laws as deemed necessary from time to time. Each Party shall treat all data, information relating to Services, including but not limit to the customer personal data, as confidential. Each party warrants that it shall take appropriate technical and organizational measures against unauthorized or unlaw
Thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically continue in effect until either party gives the other at least six (6) months prior written notice of termination.
The Parties agree that prior to July 1, 2000, Party will provide Party with the opportunity to renew this Agreement (the "Renewal Term") on terms set forth in a proposal (the "Proposal) to be presented to Party. Party shall indicate its acceptance or rejection of the Proposal no later than August 31, 2000. If Party does not receive Party's acceptance or rejection of the Proposal by August 31, 2000, Party may interpret Party's non response as a rejection of the Proposal.
Unless either party gives written notice to terminate this Agreement at least six (6) months prior to the end of said Initial Term, this Agreement shall continue on a year to year basis ("Extended Term(s)") until terminated by either party by giving written notice of termination thereof to the other party at least six (6) months prior to the end of the then current Extended Term.
This agreement shall automatically renew for successive six (6) month periods unless written notice is provided of either party's intent not to renew at least six (6) months before the end of the then-current term.
The Party then have the option to renew the agreement for another 5 years subject to any restructuring of the agreement as required by the parties.
The initial term of this Agreement shall           commence on the Effective Date and extend for three (3) years           thereafter ("INITIAL TERM"), with an automatic renewal for an           indefinite period of time ("EXTENDED TERM"), unless terminated by the           parties according to Sections 16.2. or 16.3. herein.
Unless either party gives the other at least ninety days' prior written notice that it has elected not to extend the term of this Agreement beyond December 31, 1998, the term of this Agreement will be automatically extended until December 31, 1999.
Thereafter this Agreement will automatically be renewed for successive additional periods of one year, unless either party gives notice of cancellation on or before October 1 of any such year.
If M&I and Customer are unable to agree upon the terms for renewal of this Agreement at least six (6) months prior to the expiration of the Term, then Customer may, at its option, renew this Agreement for one (1) twelve month period at the then-current terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Unless Customer notifies Party of its intent not to renew this Agreement in writing within a period of three (3) months following the Renewal Notice, this Agreement shall automatically renew at the end of the Initial Term on the same terms (including pricing terms) for one (1) twelve-month period.
This       Attachment will automatically be renewed for periods of six (6) months       unless either party gives twelve (12) months written notice of its intent       to terminate this Agreement.
This Agreement will automatically be renewed for periods of       twelve (12) months unless either Party gives six (6) months written       notice of its intent to terminate this Agreement.
Thereafter, this agreement will renew automatically from year to year unless cancelled in writing by either Party giving the other written notice of such cancellation a minimum of 60 days before the end of the then current term.
Thereafter, this Agreement automatically renews for successive terms of one (1) year.
This Agreement shall      renew for successive 1-year periods, after the initial 1 Year Term, if      agreed by both parties in writing within 30 days of license expiration.
Upon expiry of the Initial Term, this Agreement [*****] unless a Notice of non-renewal is given by either Party to the other Party [*****] prior to the expiry of the Initial Term or the end of a renewal period, if any.
Thereafter, the Maintenance Term shall automatically renew for successive period, 12 months, on the terms and conditions of this Agreement unless Party terminates Party pursuant to this Agreement.
Thereafter, Bellicum shall have consecutive separate options to extend the Term for successive renewal terms of five (5) years each (each, a "Renewal Term", and<omitted>collectively with the Initial Term, the "Term").
Thereafter, this





                  Agreement shall be effective month to month, until terminated                   by Transporter or Shipper upon the following written notice to                   the other specifying a termination date: sixty (60) days for

                  interruptible transportation under Rate Schedule ITS and 180                   days for firm transportation under Rate Schedule FTS.
This Agreement will automatically renew for up to two (2) renewal terms of five (5) years each (each, an "Extension Period") unless either Party provides the other Party with written notice of its intent to terminate this Agreement at least six (6) months prior to the end of the Initial Term or the then current Extension Period.
In accordance with items 9.3, 9.4, and 10.3, this Contract shall come into      force on the Effective Date, remain effective throughout the Initial Term,      and be prolonged, or further extended automatically for a period of 12<omitted>months, each such extension commencing at the end of the last day of the      Initial Term or the relevant anniversary thereof, unless either Party      serves written notice of termination on the other Party at least 65 days      prior to the end of the Initial Term, or any subsequent extension.
Upon the expiry of this Agreement, this Agreement may be renewed automatically for one year (but can only be renewed once) if neither Party raises objection.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms, including by Party pursuant to Section 7.3 (Buy-Down Election) or extended by the mutual written agreement of the Parties, shall continue until the Intended End of Term (such time period, as may be extended pursuant to this Section 13.3.1 (Term - General), the "Term"); provided that, if,<omitted>at the expiration of the Intended End of Term, Party has paid the Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitment, but will not have paid to Party the Full Purchase Target, then the Term of this Agreement shall automatically extend for an additional [***] ([***]) year period from the date of the expiration of the then-Intended End of Term so that, among other things, Party may potentially receive the benefit of the Full Purchase Target and Party may receive the continuing benefit of royalty-free licenses.
Unless terminated in  accordance with the provisions of Section 18, this Agreement shall automatically renew for each subsequent one-year  term.
This term shall be extended for a 1 year period provided 3000 pagers per month are distributed to Purchase customers.
The Parties may negotiate for an extension of this Agreement six (6) months before the expiration of the Cooperation Period.
The term of this Agreement is twelve (12) months from the date hereof, and will be automatically renewed for one (1) additional twelve month period unless either party shall notify the other in writing of its intention not to renew.
The Term of this Agreement shall be extended for subsequent one year periods upon the mutual agreement of the parties, which agreement shall be set forth in writing (in which event a party that desires to so extend the Term of this Agreement shall notify the other party at least 120 days prior to the termination of this Agreement).
You shall have the option to renew the term of this Agreement, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, for four (4) additional ten (10) year terms, upon written notice given by you to us not less than six (6) months nor more than twelve (12) months prior to the scheduled expiration date of the term then in effect, provided that each of the following conditions are satisfied:   3.2.1 You shall not be in default of any provision of this Agreement, or any other agreement between you and us or our affiliates, or any standards set forth in the Manuals, and you shall have complied with all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Manuals and any other agreements during the term of this Agreement.   3.2.2 You shall have satisfied all monetary obligations owed by you to us and our affiliates, and shall have timely met those obligations throughout the term of this Agreement.   3.2.3 You shall, at our option, execute our then-current form of Master Franchise Agreement and any addenda thereto for the renewal term, which renewal agreement shall supersede this Agreement in all respects, and the terms of which, including, without limitation, continuing fees payable to us, may differ materially and be less advantageous to you than the terms of this Agreement.   3.2.4 You shall comply with our then-current qualification and training requirements.   3.2.5 You shall pay us a renewal fee in the sum of Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000) for the right to renew this Agreement.   3.2.6 You shall execute a general release, in a form prescribed by us, of any and all claims which you may have or believe to have against us and/or our affiliates and our respective officers, directors, agents and employees, whether the claims are known or unknown, which are based on, arise from or relate to this Agreement or the Franchised Business, as well as claims, known or unknown, which are not based on, do not arise from or do not relate to this Agreement or the Franchised Business, but which relate to other franchise agreements, Franchised Businesses and other agreements between us or our affiliates and you which arose on or before the date of the general release, including, without limitation, all obligations, liabilities, demands, costs, expenses, damages, claims, actions and causes of action, of whatever nature, character or description, arising under federal, state and local laws, rules and ordinances (provided, however, that all rights enjoyed by you and any causes of action arising in your favor from the provisions of Article 33 of the New York General Business Law ("GBL") and the regulations issued thereunder shall remain in force; it being the intent of this provision that the non-waiver provisions of GBL Sections 687.4 and 687.5 be satisfied).
Party shall have the right to extend the term of the CDx Development Program, upon […***…] prior written notice to Party as specified in Section 19.13, for additional three (3) year periods, during any period of time in which Party is a majority shareholder of Party.
Party shall have the right to extend the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program, upon [...***...] written notice to Party as specified in Section 19.13, for up to six (6)<omitted>additional one (1) year periods, during any period of time in which Party is a majority shareholder of Party (each a "Signature Identification Renewal Term"), provided, for clarity, that during any Signature Identification Renewal Term, Party's obligations under Section 16.1 shall continue to apply to any signature identified under this Agreement but that exclusivity under Section 3.2.8 shall not apply to the ImmunoPartyBiomarker Party.
The Database Insights<omitted>Term may be extended at Party's option, upon […***…] notice to Party as specified in Section 19.13, for additional three (3) year periods, during any period of time in which Party is a majority shareholder of Party (each a "Database Renewal Term").
Party and Party may renew the Agreement within two (2) years of the expiry of the initial term upon mutual understanding.
It is understood that a subsequent renewal of a five (5) year term will be negotiated in good faith and shall carry terms very close to the original Agreement.
At the end of such initial term, and any renewed term, as applicable, this Agreement shall automatically renew for an additional one (1) year term, unless a party provides written notice to the other parties at least six (6) months prior to the end of the<omitted>initial term.
Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, this Agreement continues in effect for an initial term of seven (7) years ("Initial Term") and will automatically renew for one or more annual periods after the Initial Term (each a "Renewal Term") unless either party gives notice of non-renewal at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the beginning of any Renewal Term.
This JV Agreement shall become effective on the signing date and shall have a duration of * years, extendable for a further * years, unless notice of non- renewal is sent one year before the natural expiry date.
This Agreement shall terminate, subject to any automatic                   renewal or extension for one year as required by law, upon                   either party giving at least one hundred twenty (120) days                   advance written notice to the other, if not otherwise contrary                   to applicable law or this Agreement.
Unless terminated prior to the natural expiration of the Initial Term, upon the expiry of the  Initial Term this Agreement shall automatically renew for successive terms of the same duration, unless either party gives written notice to the  other of such party's desire not to renew not less than ninety (90) days prior to the date of the expiration of the Initial Term or any









  successive term thereafter.
This Agreement shall be automatically renewed for successive one year periods unless either party gives written notice of termination to the other party at least thirty (30) days prior to the date of expiration.
Unless terminated sooner, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years  thereafter (the "Initial Term") and shall automatically renew for additional one (1) year terms on the terms and conditions set forth herein (each a  "Renewal Term" and collectively, the "Term") unless either party gives the other Party Notice of its intention to terminate this Agreement ninety  (90) days before the end of the Initial Term or Renewal Term, if any.
After the Initial Term, this Agreement shall continue on a month to month basis until terminated by either party upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other setting forth the effective date of such termination.
Thereafter, this Agreement shall be renewed automatically on a five (5) year basis, unless one party notifies the other of its desire to terminate this Agreement at least sixty 90 days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or then current renewal term, as applicable, or unless a new Agreement is signed between the Location Party and Party which will then invalidate this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement is twelve (12) months from the date hereof, and will be automatically renewed for one (1) additional twelve month period unless either party shall notify the other in writing of its intention not to renew.
Unless this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 25, this Agreement will automatically renew for additional successive [***] terms (each a "Renewal Term" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term") unless and until either Party provides written notice of non-renewal to the other Party at least [***] prior to the end of the then-current Term.
This Agreement shall be for an initial term of five (5) years, and unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall automatically renew for an additional term of five (5) years thereafter.
Upon expiration of the Initial Term, unless written notice to the contrary is provided by one party to the other party at least 30 days prior to the expiration of the then-current term, this Agreement shall be renewed for additional, successive periods of one (1) year each (each a "Renewal" and together with the Initial Term, collectively, the "Term").
One month prior to the expiry of the Cooperation Term, the parties may further negotiate the cooperation forms, if fails, this Agreement will be terminated upon expiry.
Subject to the other provisions contained herein, this AGREEMENT shall be for a term of thirty (30) years from the Effective Date, which shall automatically renew from year-to-year thereafter unless terminated by a Party upon sixty (60) days' written notice after the end of the term.
The term of this Agreement may be extended for an additional two year period with the written consent of both parties.
As provided for in this Section 1, the term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years, beginning on the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"); provided, however, the Initial Term shall be subject to automatic successive renewal terms of three (3) years each (the "Renewal Terms" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
The terms of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date and will be automatically renewed on each anniversary of the effective date, for a renewal term of one year unless either party provides written notification of its intention not to renew this Agreement at least one month prior to the expiration of the initial or any renewal terms.
The Term will automatically renew for successive additional periods of one (1) year each, provided that: (a) Distributor has made all Guaranteed Minimum Purchases and has complied with the marketing requirements under paragraph 4.1(b); (b) the parties have agreed in writing upon the Guaranteed Minimum Purchase amounts and Product price discounts for the next subsequent one (1) year renewal period; (c) neither party provided the other party with notice of such party's intention not to renew this Agreement at least thirty (30) days prior to any year's Expiration Date; and (d) neither party provided the other party with such notice as may be required pursuant to paragraphs 5.2, 5.3 or 5.4.
This Agreement shall have an initial term of one (1) year from the date first above written (the "Initial Term"), and shall thereafter automatically renew for successive two (2) year periods (each a "Renewal Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
Either party may cancel this Agreement effective on the last day of the Initial Term, or<omitted>any Renewal Term, by serving written notice of such termination on the other party at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term as the case may be.
The  term of this  Agreement  shall  be two (2)  years  from the          Effective  Date with  automatic  annual  renewals  thereafter  provided          either  party does not provide  sixty (60) days  notice of  termination          prior to the renewal date or the Agreement is not otherwise  terminated          as set forth in Section 8.
After the initial term, unless terminated, this  Agreement will automatically renew for periods of one (1) calendar year each.
If Distributor                            complies with all of the terms of this Agreement, the                            Agreement  shall be  renewable on an annual basis for                            one (1) year terms for up to  another  ten (10) years                            on the same terms and conditions as set forth herein.
In the event that there is no written notice issued by either party to          show the intention to renew this Agreement in the said thirty(30) days          before the expiry of the current Term of the Agreement, the Agreement          shall terminate at the end of the said thirty(30) days.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years from the date first set forth above and shall thereafter automatically renew for additional two (2) year terms unless a party provides the other party with notice of non-renewal no less than 6 months prior to the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term unless earlier terminated as follows:
Provided  that Party  purchases a minimum of $45,420.00      worth of  Products,  in any  combination,  during the Initial  Distribution





     Period,  this Agreement will automatically renew for an additional 6 months      (the Renewal  Period).
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) years from the Effective Date and shall thereafter be automatically renewed for subsequent one (1) year periods unless either party notifies the other in writing of its election not to renew the Agreement at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the expiration of the then-current term.
Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until terminated by either Party upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice.
This contract shall be for a term of one year commencing on the date first above written; thereafter, it shall automatically continue until terminated by either party upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party.
This Agreement will automatically renew for successive one year terms (each a "Renewal Term", and together with the Initial Term, the "Term"), unless either Charterer or Owner elects not to renew this Agreement by providing the other party with written notice of such election 30 days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or Renewal Term, as applicable, at which point this Agreement will automatically terminate.
At the expiration of the term or any renewal term hereof, You may, at its option, renew the Franchise granted hereunder for 2 additional terms of 10 years each on the following terms and conditions:





A. You shall give Party notice in writing of Your election to renew this Agreement at least 3 months prior to the expiration of the then-current term.

B. You shall not be in default of any provision of this Agreement or amendment hereto, including without limitation all payment obligations to Party and its affiliates.

C. As a condition of renewal of the Franchise, You agree to execute Party's then-current form of franchise agreement and to comply fully with all terms and conditions thereof, and to pay Party the then-current renewal fee, which is presently $1,000.00. You understand that Party may revise its franchise agreement for any renewal term, at Party's sole discretion, including without limitation to increase the royalty fees or other fees payable by You or to require other obligations of franchisees.

D. You shall meet Party's then-current qualifications and training requirements.

E. You shall execute a general release in a form prescribed by Party releasing Party and its affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agents from all known and unknown claims and liabilities to the extent permitted by state and federal law.

F. You may be required, at Party's sole discretion, to upgrade or remodel Your Party Center to conform to Party's then-current specifications and standards as specified in Party's Operating Manual of otherwise in writing, provided such upgrade or remodel is reasonable in terms of cost and implementation schedule.
You will have the right to renew your rights to operate the Franchise Business for two (2) additional successor terms of five (5) years, so long as you have satisfied all of the conditions specified in Sections 2.2.1 through 2.2.10 before each such renewal: 2.2.1 You agree to give us written notice of your choice to renew at least six (6) months before the end of the term of this Agreement (but not more than nine (9) months before the term expires).
Subject to the provisions of subparagraph 2.6(b) below, and if you have substantially complied with all provisions of this Agreement and all other agreements between us, on expiration of the Initial Term, if you refurbish and decorate the Premises, replace fixtures, furnishings, wall decor, furniture, equipment, and signs and otherwise modify the Franchise in compliance with specifications and standards then applicable under new or renewal franchises for Party. Location franchises, you will have the right to renew the Franchise for one (1) additional term of ten (10) years (the "Renewal Term").
Should you choose to renew the Franchise, you must provide us with written notice of that intent no earlier than two (2) years and no later than one (1) year before the expiration of the Initial Term.
This Agreement shall be automatically renewed for an additional one year period on each anniversary of the Effective Date, unless terminated by either Party hereto upon ninety (90) days written notice to the other.
Each Service Option Attachment will renew automatically for an additional term equal in duration to the previous term of the applicable Service Option Attachment unless either party notifies the other party in writing at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the then-current term for the applicable Service Option Attachment that it has elected to terminate such Service Option Attachment.
This Agreement shall renew automatically thereafter for successive one year periods until terminated pursuant to Section 12 herein or unless either Partylient or Party deliver to the other written notice of intent not to renew no later than thirty (30) days prior to the end of said year.
This agreement shall renew automatically each year thereafter, unless either party serves written notice of its intention not to renew, on the other at least 90 days prior to the expiration of the then current term of this agreement.
Thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically renew for         subsequent one (1) year periods unless either party provides the other         party with written notification at least thirty (30) days prior to the         expiration of the initial five (5) year term or any one (1) year renewal         thereof of its intention to terminate this Agreement.
Thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically renew for subsequent one          (1) year periods unless either party provides the other party with          written notification at least thirty (30) days prior to the expiration          of the initial five (5) year term or any one (1) year renewal thereof          of its intention to terminate this Agreement.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid for a period of five (5) years with automatic renewal of one year thereafter until terminated<omitted>by either party with one (1) year written notice prior to the expiration of the initial period or any extension period thereof.
This Agreement shall have a term of four (4) years from the effective date first set forth above, and shall automatically renew for additional one year terms unless earlier terminated by either party.
This Agreement may be renewed for additional periods of one (1) year (each such additional period, a "Renewal Term") unless either Party provides notice of nonrenewal upon not less than [***] prior written notice to the other Party.
This Agreement shall be automatically renewed for additional successive one (1) year periods, unless written notice of non-renewal is received no later than six (6) months prior to the expiration of the then current term.
The term of this Agreement is three years from and including the date of this Agreement (the "Initial Term"), with automatic renewal for additional successive one-year terms (each a "Renewal Term" and together wit the Initial Term, the "Term") unless no later than [* * *] days prior to the end of the Initial Term, or any Renewal Term either party notifies the other that it wishes to terminate this Agreement effective the end of the Initial Term or that Renewal Term, as applicable.
This Agreement shall continue in effect for a period of one year from the date of its execution and from year to year thereafter provided such  continuance is specifically approved by a majority of the trustees of the Trust who (i) are not "interested persons" of the Trust or any other party  to this Agreement, as defined in the 1940 Act, and (ii) have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of this Agreement ("Non- Interested Trustees")
After the initial period of two years, the maintenance and support       contract shall be automatically renewed for a period of one year on each       renewal date, unless one of the parties terminates the maintenance and       support contract through written notification to the other party in the       form of a registered letter with proof of receipt, at least six (6) weeks       prior to the renewal date.
The Agreement may be renewed for an additional period of  seven (7) years at the option of the Licensor.
For a renewable one-year term commencing upon the Maintenance Commencement Date, subject to payment of maintenance fees in accordance with the Fee Schedule but without additional fees or charges, Party shall provide the following Maintenance Services:
This Agreement shall be subject to an automatic extension for consecutive one (1) year periods  thereafter (each, an "Extension Term" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term"), unless terminated (i) in accordance with its terms or (ii)  upon thirty (30) days' written notice by either Party to the other Party.
This Agreement will extend automatically for monthly periods unless either party to this Agreement notifies the other party in writing at least thirty (30) days before the expiration of the then current term.
Thereafter, this Agreement shall renew only upon the mutual written agreement of the parties for up to three additional renewal terms of one year each (each, a "Renewal Term").
The Term will be 3 years from Effective Date with an automatic 2 year term extensions unless otherwise advised by one of the Parties.
Thereafter  the term of this Agreement shall automatically renew for consecutive periods of two (2) years each.
This Agreement will renew automatically thereafter for successive one-year terms unless and until one Party gives notification of termination with at least sixty (60) days written notice.
This Agreement shall automatically renew for successive one-year terms unless one party gives the other party written notice of non-renewal at least six months prior to automatic renewal.
Furthermore, for a thirty (30) day period, beginning thirty (30) days prior to the first anniversary of this Agreement, Tickets shall have the right to renew the Agreement for another year with Sponsor Fees that do not exceed a [***] percent increase over the existing Sponsor Fees.
Upon expiration of the Initial Term, this Agreement shall automatically renew for  consecutive one (1) year periods, unless terminated by Reseller within sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or any renewal term,  as the case may be (the Initial Term and each renewal term, collectively, the "Term").
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for an Initial Term of five (5) years, and will automatically renew for additional periods of five (5) years unless one Party notifies the other of its intention not to renew, no less than 12 months prior to the expiration of the then-current term, unless terminated as permitted under this Agreement.
Following the Term, this Supply Agreement shall automatically renew for successive periods of one (1) year (each a "Renewal Term"), unless a Party delivers written notice of non-renewal to the other Party [***] prior to the end of the applicable term.
Thereafter, the Agreement shall be automatically renewed for additional two year periods (each a "Renewal Term", the Initial Term and all Renewal Terms, the "Term") unless either Party notifies the other Party of its intention not to renew in writing at least three calendar months before the expiration of the then current Term.
After the Initial Term (including any extension thereto made in accordance with the preceding sentence), the Agreement may be extended on a yearly basis up to ten (10) years at Party's sole discretion, with renewal notice to be provided to Party no later than twelve (12) months prior to the expiry of any yearly extension (the "Renewal Term", and the Initial Term, together with the Renewal Term, if any, the "Term"); provided that unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, the Term of this Agreement (including the Initial Term, any extension of the Initial Term and any Renewal Terms) shall be no more than fifteen (15) years in total.
If the Publishers exercise their right to renew,             the term of the Services shall be extended by one further year, up             to and including 28 February 2001.
If the Publishers exercise their right of renewal under Clause 17.1,             then the Publishers shall have a further right of renewal for each             of the subsequent three years, provided that the right to renew             shall be conditional upon the Publishers having exercised their             right in the previous year, and giving notice on or before the 30             September before the renewal is to take effect.
This Agreement will be in effect for one year from the Effective Date and will automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods unless terminated as provided below.
Upon the expiration           of such term, this Agreement will renew automatically for           successive terms of one (1) year each unless either party to           this Agreement delivers written notice of termination to the           other party to this Agreement at least sixty (60) days prior           to the end of the original or any renewal term.
This Agreement shall be effective until the earlier of (a) its termination in accordance with the provisions of this Article 14 or (b) the date that is two (2) years after the date of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement will renew automatically for successive terms of one (1) year each unless a party to this Agreement delivers written notice of termination to the other party to this Agreement at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the original or any renewal term or the parties to this Agreement do not agree in writing to the Quota Amount referred to in subsection 14.2(b)(1) for any one (1) year renewal term at least sixty (60) days prior to the commencement of such term.
The Company may renew this Agreement on the same terms and conditions for one (1) additional five year period that shall begin on January 1, 2005 and end on December 31, 2009, by providing a written notice of its intent to effect such renewal to the Professional by November 30, 2004.
This Agreement will automatically renew for additional 1-year terms unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement's express provisions (together with the Initial Term, such additional periods the "Term").
This agreement shall begin upon the date of its execution by MA and acceptance in writing by Company and shall remain in effect until the end of the current calendar year and shall be automatically renewed for successive one (1) year periods unless otherwise terminated according to the cancellation or termination provisions contained in paragraph 18 of this Agreement.
At Rogers' option, this Agreement shall renew for a subsequent term of two (2) years on the terms and conditions herein (the "Renewal Term").
License Term Perpetual, unlimited runs x Other: 2 years Commencing: November 15, 2012
Thereafter, this Agreement shall renew automatically for one (1) additional three (3) year period (the "Renewal Term" and collectively, together with the Initial Term, the "Term") unless either party provides the other with written notice of non-renewal at least ninety (90) days before the expiration of the Initial Term].
This agreement shall automatically renew for additional successive terms of twelve (12) months each at the end of the Initial Term ("Renewal Terms"), unless either party notifies the other in writing at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the Initial Term.
If this Agreement is renewed for the Second Additional Term, then the Second Additional Term shall commence on July 23, 2019 and the Agreement shall expire and terminate automatically without further notice on July 22, 2022.
In the event that MusclePharm shall achieve Net Sales (as defined below) of $20 million (the "First Renewal Threshold") in the aggregate during the Third Contract Year, then this Agreement shall automatically be renewed for an additional term of three (3) years (the "First Additional Term") on the same terms and conditions for the Initial Term except that: (i) no additional Stock Compensation (as defined below) shall be issued in connection with the renewal Term, (ii) the Cash Compensation for the First Additional Term shall be as set forth in Section 7 and Exhibit "C" Section (2) attached hereto, (iii) Endorser shall only be obligated to make two (2) Appearances in each Contract Year during the First Additional Term pursuant to Section 4(a)(ii) below and (iv) the marketing budget to promote the Licensed Products shall be $5.0 million during each Contract Year of the First Additional Term (subject to Section 12(b) of this Agreement).
If this Agreement is renewed for the First Additional Term, then the First Additional Term shall commence on July 23, 2016, and the Agreement shall expire and terminate automatically without further notice on July 22, 2019.
In the event that MusclePharm shall achieve Net Sales of $50 million (the "Second Renewal Threshold") in the aggregate during the sixth Contract Year, then this Agreement shall automatically be renewed for an additional term of three (3) years (the "Second Additional Term") on the same terms and conditions for the initial Term except that: (i) no additional Stock Compensation (as defined below) shall be issued in connection with the renewal Term, (ii) the Cash Compensation for the renewal Term shall be as set forth in Section 7 and Exhibit "C" Section (3) attached hereto, (iii) Endorser shall only be obligated to make two (2) Appearances in each Contract Year during the Second Additional Term pursuant to Section 4(a)(ii) below and (iv) the marketing budget to promote the Licensed Products shall be $5.0 in each Contract Year of the Second Additional Term (subject to Section 12(b) of this Agreement).
This Agreement shall automatically continue following the Initial Term, for an additional period of three (3) years, unless a party to this Agreement provides written notice of termination to the other parties at least sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or this Agreement ("Extended Term" and, with the Initial Term, "Term").
This agreement begins on the Commencement Date and, subject to clause 11.2, shall continue for an initial term of one (1) years (Initial Term) and indefinitely after that until terminated by either party giving at least twelve (12) months' prior written notice to expire on or after the expiry date of the initial term.
Distributor shall have the option to renew this Agreement for an additional Three (3) year period by providing prior written notice to Company within Ninety (90) days of the end of the initial period of this Agreement.
This agreement shall automatically renew for a period of three (3) years and upon the parties mutual agreement on new minimum performance goals for the renewal period.
Upon expiration of the Initial Term of this Agreement, this Agreement will automatically renew for additional, successive five (5) year periods unless either Party provides the other Party written notice of its desire to terminate at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the end of the Initial Term or any renewal.
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and automatically renewing annually thereafter, unless either party provides a thirty-day notice of written termination one to the other ("Term").
In the event that either Wade or Naked wishes to extend the Term of the Agreement as contemplated above, it shall provide the other Party with written notice at least ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the Term.
The other Party will then have a period of fourteen (14) days from the date of the notice to indicate whether it also desires to extend the Term, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and if no such indication is made, the other Party will be deemed to have declined the offer to extend
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of four (4) years, commencing on the Effective Date, which term may be extended for up to three (3) years by written agreement of both Parties prior to the expiration date of the initial term or any extension thereof (collectively, the "Term").
At the end of *** Parties will negotiate in good faith regarding a possible extension of the Initial Term.
Parties can mutually agree in writing to deviate from an automatic extension of *** by extending this Agreement for a longer period than ***.
If no termination notice is provided, the Agreement will be automatically extended for consecutive *** periods until such time as *** termination notice is provided.
This Agreement shall automatically renew beyond the Initial Term for successive one (I) year terms (each, a "Renewal Term"), unless a Party provides the other with written notice of termination at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the then-current Renewal Term.
If either party elects not to renew the Agreement and the other party wishes to continue the Agreement, the Parties shall attempt in good faith to negotiate an amendment to the Agreement to renew the Term on such terms as may be negotiated by the Parties.
Thereafter, the agreement shall automatically renew for successive five (5)-year terms, unless either Party gives written notice to the other Party of intent not to renew at least six (6) months prior to the expiration of the then-current Term.
This Agreement shall automatically be renewed for successive one (1) year increments unless either party request in writing, at least ninety (90) days prior to the anniversary date, that this Agreement not to be renewed.
Following the Initial Term, the Agreement shall automatically be renewed for additional periods of **** (each, a "Renewal Term," and, together with the Initial Term, the "Term")), unless a Party provides written notification of non-renewal to the other Party at least **** of the Initial Term or a Renewal Term.
A Facility Addendum may be extended for up to three (3) additional periods of twelve (12) months (each, an "Extension Period") by written notice given by Customer to Manufacturer not less than twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Extension Period, as the case may be
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Facility Addendum, this Agreement (a) shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of four (4) years from such date (the "Initial Term" of this Agreement), unless sooner terminated pursuant to Section 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 or 7.7, and (b) may be extended for up to three (3) additional periods of twelve (12) months (each, an "Extension Period") by written notice given by Customer to Manufacturer not less than twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Extension Period, as the case may be.
Upon completion of the Initial Term, provided that the Reseller has achieved the Annual Milestones, the term of the Agreement shall be automatically renewed for an additional five (5) years.
Thereafter, at the end of each renewal term, the Agreement shall renew for an additional two (2) years unless one party provides the other party with prior written notice of non-renewal at least sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of the then-current term.
The term of this JSMA shall commence on May 1, 2020 (the "Commencement Date") and ends at April 30, 2029 (the "Term"), with automatic renewals each for a period of five (5) years (a "Renewal Term") unless notice is given pursuant to 5.2.
Following the Initial Term, this Agreement shall automatically renew for successive terms of six (6) months (each a "Renewal Term", and together with the Initial Term, the "Term") unless written notice is given by either Party no later than thirty (30) days in advance of the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Renewal Term.
It is established by calendar year and renewed tacitly every year.
Should the Parties have not agreed to the following agreement by [* * *], this Agreement shall automatically stay in force for a maximum of [* * *] (unless otherwise mutually agreed by the Parties or as otherwise set forth in Section 18.1(a)) or until the Parties have signed the follow-on agreement (the "Renewal Term").
At any time prior to the end of the Term, the Parties may agree in writing to extend the Agreement for successive One (1) Year periods (the "Renewal Terms") under the same conditions set forth herein.
This Agreement shall be automatically renewed for successive three (3) year terms thereafter (each a "Renewal Term" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term") until and unless (i) either Party provides the other Party written notice of non-renewal no later than ninety (90) days prior the end of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term or (ii) earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 11.
Contract is renewable for 1 year extension by amendment to this agreement.
Thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically be renewed for successive 1-year terms (each a "Renewal Term", and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
The Agreement shall automatically renew for successive one (1) year terms (each a "Renewal Term") unless either party provides the other party written notification of its intent to terminate the Agreement no later than sixty (60) days prior to the end of the then applicable term.
This Agreement shall continue until January 18, 2022, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods ending on January 18th of each year, provided such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (a) the Fund's Board of Trustees and (b) a vote of a majority (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund's Trustees who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of the Plan, in this Agreement, or any agreement related to the Plan (the "Qualified Trustees"), by vote cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting on such approval.
This agreement will be automatically renewed at the end of every ten (10) year term, with each subsequent term of renewal being for a ten (10) year term.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
In the event that either party does not give such notice, the term of this Agreement shall be automatically renewed for another one (1) year.
A party wishing to renew this Agreement shall give the other party notice thereof no less than thirty (30) days before the expiration of the term then in effect.
mPhase shall have the right to annually renew this agreement for a period of one year upon each annual expiration with the written consent of Lucent, which written consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.
LeadersOnline shall have the option, subject to VerticalNet's approval exercised in its sole and absolute discretion, to extend the Term of this Agreement for an additional 12 months (a "Renewal Term") on such terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed upon by the Parties.
This Agreement will automatically renew at the end of the Initial Term or a subsequent renewal term on a year to year basis (each, a "Renewal Term"), unless either Party notifies the other at least 30 days prior to the end of the Initial Term or then current Renewal Term, as applicable, of its intention not to renew this Agreement (a "Termination Notice").
This Agreement will automatically renew at the end of the Initial Term or a subsequent renewal term on a year to year basis (each, a "Renewal Term"), unless either party notifies the other at least 30 days prior to the end of the Initial Term or then current Renewal Term, as applicable, of its intention not to renew this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be effective upon the<omitted>Effective Date and shall remain in force for a period of one (1) year, and shall be automatically renewed for successive periods of one (1) year unless otherwise terminated as provided herein.
The Agreement shall automatically renew for successive one year additional terms unless terminated by either party at least six months prior to the expiration of the then-current term.
MBE shall have the right to elect by written notice to the Company at any time between two (2) and six (6) months prior to the end of such initial term or any subsequent Renewal Period (as defined below), to notify the Company that MBE elects to seek to extend such term for additional two (2)-year periods (each a "Renewal Period") In the event of such election, MBE and the Company shall have -------------- a period of sixty (60) days in which to negotiate commercially reasonable Basic Fees, Bounty Fees and eBay Fees (and other applicable fees) ("Fee Schedule") ------------ under which the Company would be willing to renew this Agreement for such Renewal Period.
If MBE notifies the Company of its intent to so renew prior to the end of such initial term or such Renewal Period, the term of this Agreement shall automatically be extended for the Renewal Period and, other than the Fee Schedule, all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.
This Agreement shall be for the term of one year; thereafter, the Agreement shall renew automatically under these same terms and agreements unless superceded by future agreements.
If the Term is renewed as described in Section 2(b), Network and Affiliate will negotiate exclusively and in good faith concerning further renewal of this Agreement upon mutually-agreed terms and conditions; provided, that unless Network and Affiliate otherwise agree in writing, the exclusive negotiation period will end six (6) months before the expiration of the Term.
If Affiliate fails to notify Network of its desire that this Agreement terminate on its expiration date, at least six (6) months before the expiration date, this Agreement will automatically renew, upon the same terms and conditions, for an additional four (4) -year period ("Renewal Term").
This Agreement will automatically renew for successive one-year terms unless terminated by either party by providing the other with 30 days written notice that this Agreement will not be renewed or Affiliate enters into a Processing agreement with Network 1 and an ISO Sponsorship agreement with Harris Bank in which case this Agreement will automatically terminate concurrent with the execution of such agreements.
Unless sooner terminated under the provisions hereof, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of one (1) year ("Term"). provided however, that the Parties may extend the Term for an additional year period by entering into an written addendum of the Agreement extending such term.
The period of license granted shall be for the Term and shall extend for a period of twenty four (24) months or until terminated as per clause 8 herein.
This Agreement shall continue in effect for two years from the date hereof, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (A) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund and (B) the vote of a majority of the Fund's directors who are not parties to this Agreement or "interested persons" (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Fund Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the Investment Fund Act.
Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, the Parties' respective rights and obligations under this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force for ten (10) years after the First Commercial Sale of the first Licensed Product, and shall thereafter automatically renew for an unlimited period of time unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Section 15.2.
The Services Term of this Agreement shall be automatically renewed for successive two-year terms thereafter unless written notice is given by either party to the other, indicating that party's intention not to renew the Services Term of this Agreement, at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the initial Services Term or any renewed Services Term.
The Initial Term shall automatically renew for one-month periods thereafter unless either party provides 30- days advance notice of termination, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof
The Term shall automatically renew thereafter for successive 5-year terms unless either party provides prior written notice of termination not less than 90 days prior to the end of such five-year term.
Upon the expiration of the Term, the Term shall automatically extend for successive 12-month periods until one Party terminates the Agreement by providing at least 180 days prior written notice to the other Party prior to the expiration of the then-current term or unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement and any renewal term thereof shall be automatically extended at the end of the initial term and any renewal term thereof for an additional one (1) year period unless either Party notifies the other Party not less than six (6) months before the end of the then in effect term of its intent to terminate this Agreement.
This Agreement shall automatically extend for an additional two (2) years on the same terms herein ("Renewal Term") provided WPT receives payments greater than twelve million U.S. dollars ($12,000,000) within the Initial Term.
The Initial Term shall automatically be extended for an additional period of half a year unless either party provides the other party with written notification of termination of the letter Agreement at least 60 days prior to end of such period.
IMNTV will extend the Agreement on the same terms and conditions for additional one-year terms, providing Distributor and IMNTV agree, predicated on satisfactory performance by both parties
This Agreement shall be automatically renewed for additional extended terms each of two (2) years duration unless either party notifies the other in writing of its intention not to renew the Agreement, such notification to be provided at least ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the then in-effect term.
After the Initial Term, this Agreement will be automatically renewed for successive additional 3~year periods ("Extension Terms"), unless otherwise terminated by either party by giving notice to the other party not less than sixty (60) days prior to the end of a Term.
At the end of such [*] ([*]) year period, HSWI shall have the right to renew the Agreement under materially the same terms or shall have an option to purchase the Translated Content outright to the extent rights permit and to the extent the parties mutually agree to terms for such sale.
This Agreement may be renewed for an additional term of ten (10) years by notice in writing given by XFN to CEIS at the expiry of the Term, for a consideration to be mutually agreed.
This contract shall remain in effect initially for the five (5) year term ("Initial Term") from the date signed and shall be automatically extended for one (1) year periods after the Initial Term ("Renewal Term") unless (i) either party provides written notice of its intention not to renew the Agreement within 180 days prior to any Renewal Term; or (ii) this Agreement is otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms of this Section 12.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate in _____________, on _____________, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement may be renewed for successive one (1) year periods if STAAR and Distributor expressly agree in writing and in their sole discretion to renew this Agreement prior to the foregoing termination date or any successive renewal term.
The Agreement may be extended for one (1) year upon the parties' mutual agreement in writing, it being specifically understood the services to be performed by CELEBRITY (on behalf of ABG) and remuneration to ABG in connection with the same shall be negotiated in good faith.
When this Agreement expires, you will have the option to continue the franchise relationship with us for two (2) additional terms of ten (10) years each.
This Agreement shall automatically renew for an additional period of three (3) years (such renewal and each subsequent renewal shall be defined as a "Renewal Term") provided that EFS achieves Net Merchandise Sales of at least ***** during the fourth year following launch of the first Website.
Without prejudice to either party's right to terminate this Agreement as set forth in sub​ sections 18.2 to 18.5 below, Cisco may, by written notice to Distributor, given at least thirty (30) days prior to the end of the then-current term of the Agreement, extend the term of the Agreement for the period set forth in such notice, up to a maximum of one (1) year beyond the then- current expiration date.
Without notification the contract will automatically extend for an additional month of service.
Term: twelve (12) months from the date of the Agreement which term shall automatically renew for an additional twelve (12) months on such date if the Agreement is not otherwise terminated according to Section 8 of the Agreement.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the four-year anniversary of the Effective Date (such period, as it may be extended, either by the mutual written agreement of the parties or automatically, or earlier terminated being referred to as the "Consultation Period"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4, and shall automatically renew for successive one-year periods, unless the Company provides 90 days' notice of termination before any such successive period.
Upon the expiration of the initial term of this Agreement, Franchisee shall have the one time right to obtain a successor franchise to operate a Pretzel Time Unit at the Site (a "Successor Franchise") for a single term of five (5) years immediately following the expiration of the initial term of the Franchise upon giving Pretzel Time six (6) months notice prior to the expiration of the then current term
This Agreement shall automatically be renewed for one (1) or more one (1) month periods unless either the Customer or i-on gives notice to the other party of its intention not to renew the<omitted>Agreement, which notice must be given not less than fifteen (15) days before the end of the respective initial or renewal term.
This Agreement shall continue in effect from the Effective Date for a one (1) year period, unless earlier terminated as set forth below, and thereafter shall renew automatically for successive one (1) year periods unless either party gives the other party at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of its intent not to renew the Agreement.
Diplomat or Tadeo, if such party is not in default of the terms of this Agreement, may extend the term of this Agreement for an additional one year ("Additional Period"), provided the extending party gives the other party at least sixty (60) days advance written notice before the end of the Period.
Within ninety (90) days of our receipt of your notice to renew, we will furnish you with written notice of: (i) reasons which could cause us not to grant a renewal to you including but not limited to any deficiencies which require correction and a schedule for correction by you; and (ii) our then-current requirements relating to the image, appearance, decoration, furnishing, equipping and stocking of Buffalo Wild Wings businesses, and a schedule for effecting upgrading or modifications in order to bring the Franchised Restaurant in compliance, as a condition of renewal. Renewal of the franchise shall be conditioned upon your compliance with such requirements and continued compliance with all the terms and conditions of this Agreement up to the date of termination of the initial term.
You have the right to renew the franchise for two (2) successive terms equal to five (5) years each, providing you meet all of the following conditions: 1. You have, during the entire term, complied with all the provisions of the Agreement; 2. The premises of the Franchised Restaurant meet our then-current standards for Buffalo Wild Wings restaurants and you are able to maintain possession of the Franchised Restaurant. Before the expiration date of this Agreement you must bring the Franchised Restaurant into full compliance with the specifications and standards then applicable for new or renewing Buffalo Wild Wings businesses and present us with evidence satisfactory that you have the right to remain in possession of the Franchised Restaurant premises for the duration of the renewal term. In the event you are unable to maintain possession of the premises of the Franchised Restaurant or if the premises do not meet our then-current standards, you may secure substitute premises approved by us and provided that you have furnished, stocked and equipped such premises to bring the Franchised Restaurant at its substituted premises into full compliance with the then-current specifications and standards before the expiration date of this Agreement; 3. You have given us written notice of your desire to renew at least six (6) months but not more than twelve (12) months prior to the end of the term; 4. You have satisfied all of your monetary obligations to us and our affiliates and have timely met these obligations throughout the term of this Agreement; 5. You have executed for the renewal term our then-current form of Franchise Agreement (with appropriate modifications to reflect the fact that the agreement relates to the grant of a renewal franchise), which shall supersede in all respects this Agreement, and the terms of which may differ from the terms of this Agreement, including, without limitation, a different percentage Continuing Fee and advertising contribution; provided, however, that the percentage Continuing Fee shall not exceed seven percent (7%) during any renewal period. You will not be required to pay the then-current initial franchise fee or its equivalent; 6. You have complied with our then-current qualification and training requirements; and 7. You have executed a general release, in a form prescribed by us, of all claims against us and our affiliates, and respective officers, directors, agents, shareholders and employees.
The Agreement will be automatically renewed for additional one (1) year terms (subject to applicable fee adjustments) unless thirty (30) days prior to the anniversary of the Effective Date Licensee gives written notice to XACCT of its intention not to renew.
Following the completion of such maintenance term, Bankers Bank may, at its option, renew maintenance for subsequent periods of one (1) year each, subject to adjustments proposed by Netzee not to exceed 5% at least sixty (60) days in advance of the applicable renewal date.
This Agreement shall automatically renew for consecutive one (1) year terms at XIMAGE's then prevailing rates at the end of each one (1) year term unless either party gives at least sixty (60) days prior written notice of the non-renewal of this Agreement.
Unless either party gives written notice of termination of this Agreement at least 60 days prior to the end of the Initial Term, or any successive three-year term, this Agreement shall automatically renew for successive additional three-year terms; provided, however, that this Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the dissolution of the client.
This Agreement shall be renewed automatically for another five (5) years upon the expiration unless the Parties confirm, in writing, the termination of this Agreement.
knowingly use the Services in violation of this Agreement.<omitted>4.7 Data protection. Each Party agrees to comply with all applicable data protection and privacy laws arising from its obligations, if any, under the Agreement and to reasonably co-operate with the other Party in order to allow the other Party to comply with any laws as deemed necessary from time to time. Each Party shall treat all data, information relating to Services, including but not limit to the customer personal data, as confidential. Each party warrants that it shall take appropriate technical and organizational measures against unauthorized or unlaw
knowingly use the Services in violation of this Agreement. 3 4.7 Data protection. Each Party agrees to comply with all applicable data protection and privacy laws arising from its obligations, if any, under the Agreement and to reasonably co-operate with the other Party in order to allow the other Party to comply with any laws as deemed necessary from time to time. Each Party shall treat all data, information relating to Services, including but not limit to the customer personal data, as confidential. Each party warrants that it shall take appropriate technical and organizational measures against unauthorized or unlaw
Thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically continue in effect until either party gives the other at least six (6) months prior written notice of termination.
The Parties agree that prior to July 1, 2000, iVillage will provide FMM with the opportunity to renew this Agreement (the "Renewal Term") on terms set forth in a proposal (the "Proposal) to be presented to FMM. FMM shall indicate its acceptance or rejection of the Proposal no later than August 31, 2000. If iVillage does not receive FMM's acceptance or rejection of the Proposal by August 31, 2000, iVillage may interpret FMM's non response as a rejection of the Proposal.
Unless either party gives written notice to terminate this Agreement at least six (6) months prior to the end of said Initial Term, this Agreement shall continue on a year to year basis ("Extended Term(s)") until terminated by either party by giving written notice of termination thereof to the other party at least six (6) months prior to the end of the then current Extended Term.
This agreement shall automatically renew for successive six (6) month periods unless written notice is provided of either party's intent not to renew at least six (6) months before the end of the then-current term.
The BSP then have the option to renew the agreement for another 5 years subject to any restructuring of the agreement as required by the parties.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and extend for three (3) years thereafter ("INITIAL TERM"), with an automatic renewal for an indefinite period of time ("EXTENDED TERM"), unless terminated by the parties according to Sections 16.2. or 16.3. herein.
Unless either party gives the other at least ninety days' prior written notice that it has elected not to extend the term of this Agreement beyond December 31, 1998, the term of this Agreement will be automatically extended until December 31, 1999.
Thereafter this Agreement will automatically be renewed for successive additional periods of one year, unless either party gives notice of cancellation on or before October 1 of any such year.
If M&I and Customer are unable to agree upon the terms for renewal of this Agreement at least six (6) months prior to the expiration of the Term, then Customer may, at its option, renew this Agreement for one (1) twelve month period at the then-current terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Unless Customer notifies Metavante of its intent not to renew this Agreement in writing within a period of three (3) months following the Renewal Notice, this Agreement shall automatically renew at the end of the Initial Term on the same terms (including pricing terms) for one (1) twelve-month period.
This Attachment will automatically be renewed for periods of six (6) months unless either party gives twelve (12) months written notice of its intent to terminate this Agreement.
This Agreement will automatically be renewed for periods of twelve (12) months unless either Party gives six (6) months written notice of its intent to terminate this Agreement.
Thereafter, this agreement will renew automatically from year to year unless cancelled in writing by either Party giving the other written notice of such cancellation a minimum of 60 days before the end of the then current term.
Thereafter, this Agreement automatically renews for successive terms of one (1) year.
This Agreement shall renew for successive 1-year periods, after the initial 1 Year Term, if agreed by both parties in writing within 30 days of license expiration.
Upon expiry of the Initial Term, this Agreement [*****] unless a Notice of non-renewal is given by either Party to the other Party [*****] prior to the expiry of the Initial Term or the end of a renewal period, if any.
Thereafter, the Maintenance Term shall automatically renew for successive period, 12 months, on the terms and conditions of this Agreement unless Bank of America terminates Maintenance Services pursuant to this Agreement.
Thereafter, Bellicum shall have consecutive separate options to extend the Term for successive renewal terms of five (5) years each (each, a "Renewal Term", and<omitted>collectively with the Initial Term, the "Term").
Thereafter, this Agreement shall be effective month to month, until terminated by Transporter or Shipper upon the following written notice to the other specifying a termination date: sixty (60) days for interruptible transportation under Rate Schedule ITS and 180 days for firm transportation under Rate Schedule FTS.
This Agreement will automatically renew for up to two (2) renewal terms of five (5) years each (each, an "Extension Period") unless either Party provides the other Party with written notice of its intent to terminate this Agreement at least six (6) months prior to the end of the Initial Term or the then current Extension Period.
In accordance with items 9.3, 9.4, and 10.3, this Contract shall come into force on the Effective Date, remain effective throughout the Initial Term, and be prolonged, or further extended automatically for a period of 12<omitted>months, each such extension commencing at the end of the last day of the Initial Term or the relevant anniversary thereof, unless either Party serves written notice of termination on the other Party at least 65 days prior to the end of the Initial Term, or any subsequent extension.
Upon the expiry of this Agreement, this Agreement may be renewed automatically for one year (but can only be renewed once) if neither Party raises objection.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms, including by Ginkgo pursuant to Section 7.3 (Buy-Down Election) or extended by the mutual written agreement of the Parties, shall continue until the Intended End of Term (such time period, as may be extended pursuant to this Section 13.3.1 (Term - General), the "Term"); provided that, if,<omitted>at the expiration of the Intended End of Term, Ginkgo has paid the Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitment, but will not have paid to BLI the Full Purchase Target, then the Term of this Agreement shall automatically extend for an additional [***] ([***]) year period from the date of the expiration of the then-Intended End of Term so that, among other things, BLI may potentially receive the benefit of the Full Purchase Target and Ginkgo may receive the continuing benefit of royalty-free licenses.
Unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 18, this Agreement shall automatically renew for each subsequent one-year term.
This term shall be extended for a 1 year period provided 3000 pagers per month are distributed to Purchase customers.
The Parties may negotiate for an extension of this Agreement six (6) months before the expiration of the Cooperation Period.
The term of this Agreement is twelve (12) months from the date hereof, and will be automatically renewed for one (1) additional twelve month period unless either party shall notify the other in writing of its intention not to renew.
The Term of this Agreement shall be extended for subsequent one year periods upon the mutual agreement of the parties, which agreement shall be set forth in writing (in which event a party that desires to so extend the Term of this Agreement shall notify the other party at least 120 days prior to the termination of this Agreement).
You shall have the option to renew the term of this Agreement, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, for four (4) additional ten (10) year terms, upon written notice given by you to us not less than six (6) months nor more than twelve (12) months prior to the scheduled expiration date of the term then in effect, provided that each of the following conditions are satisfied: 3.2.1 You shall not be in default of any provision of this Agreement, or any other agreement between you and us or our affiliates, or any standards set forth in the Manuals, and you shall have complied with all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Manuals and any other agreements during the term of this Agreement. 3.2.2 You shall have satisfied all monetary obligations owed by you to us and our affiliates, and shall have timely met those obligations throughout the term of this Agreement. 3.2.3 You shall, at our option, execute our then-current form of Master Franchise Agreement and any addenda thereto for the renewal term, which renewal agreement shall supersede this Agreement in all respects, and the terms of which, including, without limitation, continuing fees payable to us, may differ materially and be less advantageous to you than the terms of this Agreement. 3.2.4 You shall comply with our then-current qualification and training requirements. 3.2.5 You shall pay us a renewal fee in the sum of Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000) for the right to renew this Agreement. 3.2.6 You shall execute a general release, in a form prescribed by us, of any and all claims which you may have or believe to have against us and/or our affiliates and our respective officers, directors, agents and employees, whether the claims are known or unknown, which are based on, arise from or relate to this Agreement or the Franchised Business, as well as claims, known or unknown, which are not based on, do not arise from or do not relate to this Agreement or the Franchised Business, but which relate to other franchise agreements, Franchised Businesses and other agreements between us or our affiliates and you which arose on or before the date of the general release, including, without limitation, all obligations, liabilities, demands, costs, expenses, damages, claims, actions and causes of action, of whatever nature, character or description, arising under federal, state and local laws, rules and ordinances (provided, however, that all rights enjoyed by you and any causes of action arising in your favor from the provisions of Article 33 of the New York General Business Law ("GBL") and the regulations issued thereunder shall remain in force; it being the intent of this provision that the non-waiver provisions of GBL Sections 687.4 and 687.5 be satisfied).
Roche shall have the right to extend the term of the CDx Development Program, upon […***…] prior written notice to FMI as specified in Section 19.13, for additional three (3) year periods, during any period of time in which Roche is a majority shareholder of FMI.
Roche shall have the right to extend the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program, upon [...***...] written notice to FMI as specified in Section 19.13, for up to six (6)<omitted>additional one (1) year periods, during any period of time in which Roche is a majority shareholder of FMI (each a "Signature Identification Renewal Term"), provided, for clarity, that during any Signature Identification Renewal Term, FMI's obligations under Section 16.1 shall continue to apply to any signature identified under this Agreement but that exclusivity under Section 3.2.8 shall not apply to the Immuno-Biomarker Discovery Platform.
The Database Insights<omitted>Term may be extended at Roche's option, upon […***…] notice to FMI as specified in Section 19.13, for additional three (3) year periods, during any period of time in which Roche is a majority shareholder of FMI (each a "Database Renewal Term").
NVOS and HGF may renew the Agreement within two (2) years of the expiry of the initial term upon mutual understanding.
It is understood that a subsequent renewal of a five (5) year term will be negotiated in good faith and shall carry terms very close to the original Agreement.
At the end of such initial term, and any renewed term, as applicable, this Agreement shall automatically renew for an additional one (1) year term, unless a party provides written notice to the other parties at least six (6) months prior to the end of the<omitted>initial term.
Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, this Agreement continues in effect for an initial term of seven (7) years ("Initial Term") and will automatically renew for one or more annual periods after the Initial Term (each a "Renewal Term") unless either party gives notice of non-renewal at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the beginning of any Renewal Term.
This JV Agreement shall become effective on the signing date and shall have a duration of * years, extendable for a further * years, unless notice of non- renewal is sent one year before the natural expiry date.
This Agreement shall terminate, subject to any automatic renewal or extension for one year as required by law, upon either party giving at least one hundred twenty (120) days advance written notice to the other, if not otherwise contrary to applicable law or this Agreement.
Unless terminated prior to the natural expiration of the Initial Term, upon the expiry of the Initial Term this Agreement shall automatically renew for successive terms of the same duration, unless either party gives written notice to the other of such party's desire not to renew not less than ninety (90) days prior to the date of the expiration of the Initial Term or any successive term thereafter.
This Agreement shall be automatically renewed for successive one year periods unless either party gives written notice of termination to the other party at least thirty (30) days prior to the date of expiration.
Unless terminated sooner, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years thereafter (the "Initial Term") and shall automatically renew for additional one (1) year terms on the terms and conditions set forth herein (each a "Renewal Term" and collectively, the "Term") unless either party gives the other Party Notice of its intention to terminate this Agreement ninety (90) days before the end of the Initial Term or Renewal Term, if any.
After the Initial Term, this Agreement shall continue on a month to month basis until terminated by either party upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other setting forth the effective date of such termination.
Thereafter, this Agreement shall be renewed automatically on a five (5) year basis, unless one party notifies the other of its desire to terminate this Agreement at least sixty 90 days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or then current renewal term, as applicable, or unless a new Agreement is signed between the USA MCO and IMedicor which will then invalidate this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement is twelve (12) months from the date hereof, and will be automatically renewed for one (1) additional twelve month period unless either party shall notify the other in writing of its intention not to renew.
Unless this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 25, this Agreement will automatically renew for additional successive [***] terms (each a "Renewal Term" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term") unless and until either Party provides written notice of non-renewal to the other Party at least [***] prior to the end of the then-current Term.
This Agreement shall be for an initial term of five (5) years, and unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall automatically renew for an additional term of five (5) years thereafter.
Upon expiration of the Initial Term, unless written notice to the contrary is provided by one party to the other party at least 30 days prior to the expiration of the then-current term, this Agreement shall be renewed for additional, successive periods of one (1) year each (each a "Renewal" and together with the Initial Term, collectively, the "Term").
One month prior to the expiry of the Cooperation Term, the parties may further negotiate the cooperation forms, if fails, this Agreement will be terminated upon expiry.
Subject to the other provisions contained herein, this AGREEMENT shall be for a term of thirty (30) years from the Effective Date, which shall automatically renew from year-to-year thereafter unless terminated by a Party upon sixty (60) days' written notice after the end of the term.
The term of this Agreement may be extended for an additional two year period with the written consent of both parties.
As provided for in this Section 1, the term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years, beginning on the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"); provided, however, the Initial Term shall be subject to automatic successive renewal terms of three (3) years each (the "Renewal Terms" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
The terms of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date and will be automatically renewed on each anniversary of the effective date, for a renewal term of one year unless either party provides written notification of its intention not to renew this Agreement at least one month prior to the expiration of the initial or any renewal terms.
The Term will automatically renew for successive additional periods of one (1) year each, provided that: (a) Distributor has made all Guaranteed Minimum Purchases and has complied with the marketing requirements under paragraph 4.1(b); (b) the parties have agreed in writing upon the Guaranteed Minimum Purchase amounts and Product price discounts for the next subsequent one (1) year renewal period; (c) neither party provided the other party with notice of such party's intention not to renew this Agreement at least thirty (30) days prior to any year's Expiration Date; and (d) neither party provided the other party with such notice as may be required pursuant to paragraphs 5.2, 5.3 or 5.4.
This Agreement shall have an initial term of one (1) year from the date first above written (the "Initial Term"), and shall thereafter automatically renew for successive two (2) year periods (each a "Renewal Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
Either party may cancel this Agreement effective on the last day of the Initial Term, or<omitted>any Renewal Term, by serving written notice of such termination on the other party at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term as the case may be.
The term of this Agreement shall be two (2) years from the Effective Date with automatic annual renewals thereafter provided either party does not provide sixty (60) days notice of termination prior to the renewal date or the Agreement is not otherwise terminated as set forth in Section 8.
After the initial term, unless terminated, this Agreement will automatically renew for periods of one (1) calendar year each.
If Distributor complies with all of the terms of this Agreement, the Agreement shall be renewable on an annual basis for one (1) year terms for up to another ten (10) years on the same terms and conditions as set forth herein.
In the event that there is no written notice issued by either party to show the intention to renew this Agreement in the said thirty(30) days before the expiry of the current Term of the Agreement, the Agreement shall terminate at the end of the said thirty(30) days.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years from the date first set forth above and shall thereafter automatically renew for additional two (2) year terms unless a party provides the other party with notice of non-renewal no less than 6 months prior to the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term unless earlier terminated as follows:
Provided that COMWARE purchases a minimum of $45,420.00 worth of Products, in any combination, during the Initial Distribution Period, this Agreement will automatically renew for an additional 6 months (the Renewal Period).
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) years from the Effective Date and shall thereafter be automatically renewed for subsequent one (1) year periods unless either party notifies the other in writing of its election not to renew the Agreement at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the expiration of the then-current term.
Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until terminated by either Party upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice.
This contract shall be for a term of one year commencing on the date first above written; thereafter, it shall automatically continue until terminated by either party upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party.
This Agreement will automatically renew for successive one year terms (each a "Renewal Term", and together with the Initial Term, the "Term"), unless either Charterer or Owner elects not to renew this Agreement by providing the other party with written notice of such election 30 days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or Renewal Term, as applicable, at which point this Agreement will automatically terminate.
At the expiration of the term or any renewal term hereof, You may, at its option, renew the Franchise granted hereunder for 2 additional terms of 10 years each on the following terms and conditions: A. You shall give AIRSOPURE notice in writing of Your election to renew this Agreement at least 3 months prior to the expiration of the then-current term. B. You shall not be in default of any provision of this Agreement or amendment hereto, including without limitation all payment obligations to AIRSOPURE and its affiliates. C. As a condition of renewal of the Franchise, You agree to execute AIRSOPURE's then-current form of franchise agreement and to comply fully with all terms and conditions thereof, and to pay AIRSOPURE the then-current renewal fee, which is presently $1,000.00. You understand that AIRSOPURE may revise its franchise agreement for any renewal term, at AIRSOPURE's sole discretion, including without limitation to increase the royalty fees or other fees payable by You or to require other obligations of franchisees. D. You shall meet AIRSOPURE's then-current qualifications and training requirements. E. You shall execute a general release in a form prescribed by AIRSOPURE releasing AIRSOPURE and its affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agents from all known and unknown claims and liabilities to the extent permitted by state and federal law. F. You may be required, at AIRSOPURE's sole discretion, to upgrade or remodel Your AIRSOPURE Center to conform to AIRSOPURE's then-current specifications and standards as specified in AIRSOPURE's Operating Manual of otherwise in writing, provided such upgrade or remodel is reasonable in terms of cost and implementation schedule.
You will have the right to renew your rights to operate the Franchise Business for two (2) additional successor terms of five (5) years, so long as you have satisfied all of the conditions specified in Sections 2.2.1 through 2.2.10 before each such renewal: 2.2.1 You agree to give us written notice of your choice to renew at least six (6) months before the end of the term of this Agreement (but not more than nine (9) months before the term expires).
Subject to the provisions of subparagraph 2.6(b) below, and if you have substantially complied with all provisions of this Agreement and all other agreements between us, on expiration of the Initial Term, if you refurbish and decorate the Premises, replace fixtures, furnishings, wall decor, furniture, equipment, and signs and otherwise modify the Franchise in compliance with specifications and standards then applicable under new or renewal franchises for The Joint Corp. Location franchises, you will have the right to renew the Franchise for one (1) additional term of ten (10) years (the "Renewal Term").
Should you choose to renew the Franchise, you must provide us with written notice of that intent no earlier than two (2) years and no later than one (1) year before the expiration of the Initial Term.
This Agreement shall be automatically renewed for an additional one year period on each anniversary of the Effective Date, unless terminated by either Party hereto upon ninety (90) days written notice to the other.
Each Service Option Attachment will renew automatically for an additional term equal in duration to the previous term of the applicable Service Option Attachment unless either party notifies the other party in writing at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the then-current term for the applicable Service Option Attachment that it has elected to terminate such Service Option Attachment.
This Agreement shall renew automatically thereafter for successive one year periods until terminated pursuant to Section 12 herein or unless either Client or TrueLink deliver to the other written notice of intent not to renew no later than thirty (30) days prior to the end of said year.
This agreement shall renew automatically each year thereafter, unless either party serves written notice of its intention not to renew, on the other at least 90 days prior to the expiration of the then current term of this agreement.
Thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically renew for subsequent one (1) year periods unless either party provides the other party with written notification at least thirty (30) days prior to the expiration of the initial five (5) year term or any one (1) year renewal thereof of its intention to terminate this Agreement.
Thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically renew for subsequent one (1) year periods unless either party provides the other party with written notification at least thirty (30) days prior to the expiration of the initial five (5) year term or any one (1) year renewal thereof of its intention to terminate this Agreement.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid for a period of five (5) years with automatic renewal of one year thereafter until terminated<omitted>by either party with one (1) year written notice prior to the expiration of the initial period or any extension period thereof.
This Agreement shall have a term of four (4) years from the effective date first set forth above, and shall automatically renew for additional one year terms unless earlier terminated by either party.
This Agreement may be renewed for additional periods of one (1) year (each such additional period, a "Renewal Term") unless either Party provides notice of nonrenewal upon not less than [***] prior written notice to the other Party.
This Agreement shall be automatically renewed for additional successive one (1) year periods, unless written notice of non-renewal is received no later than six (6) months prior to the expiration of the then current term.
The term of this Agreement is three years from and including the date of this Agreement (the "Initial Term"), with automatic renewal for additional successive one-year terms (each a "Renewal Term" and together wit the Initial Term, the "Term") unless no later than [* * *] days prior to the end of the Initial Term, or any Renewal Term either party notifies the other that it wishes to terminate this Agreement effective the end of the Initial Term or that Renewal Term, as applicable.
This Agreement shall continue in effect for a period of one year from the date of its execution and from year to year thereafter provided such continuance is specifically approved by a majority of the trustees of the Trust who (i) are not "interested persons" of the Trust or any other party to this Agreement, as defined in the 1940 Act, and (ii) have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of this Agreement ("Non- Interested Trustees")
After the initial period of two years, the maintenance and support contract shall be automatically renewed for a period of one year on each renewal date, unless one of the parties terminates the maintenance and support contract through written notification to the other party in the form of a registered letter with proof of receipt, at least six (6) weeks prior to the renewal date.
The Agreement may be renewed for an additional period of seven (7) years at the option of the Licensor.
For a renewable one-year term commencing upon the Maintenance Commencement Date, subject to payment of maintenance fees in accordance with the Fee Schedule but without additional fees or charges, Garman shall provide the following Maintenance Services:
This Agreement shall be subject to an automatic extension for consecutive one (1) year periods thereafter (each, an "Extension Term" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term"), unless terminated (i) in accordance with its terms or (ii) upon thirty (30) days' written notice by either Party to the other Party.
This Agreement will extend automatically for monthly periods unless either party to this Agreement notifies the other party in writing at least thirty (30) days before the expiration of the then current term.
Thereafter, this Agreement shall renew only upon the mutual written agreement of the parties for up to three additional renewal terms of one year each (each, a "Renewal Term").
The Term will be 3 years from Effective Date with an automatic 2 year term extensions unless otherwise advised by one of the Parties.
Thereafter the term of this Agreement shall automatically renew for consecutive periods of two (2) years each.
This Agreement will renew automatically thereafter for successive one-year terms unless and until one Party gives notification of termination with at least sixty (60) days written notice.
This Agreement shall automatically renew for successive one-year terms unless one party gives the other party written notice of non-renewal at least six months prior to automatic renewal.
Furthermore, for a thirty (30) day period, beginning thirty (30) days prior to the first anniversary of this Agreement, Tickets shall have the right to renew the Agreement for another year with Sponsor Fees that do not exceed a [***] percent increase over the existing Sponsor Fees.
Upon expiration of the Initial Term, this Agreement shall automatically renew for consecutive one (1) year periods, unless terminated by Reseller within sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or any renewal term, as the case may be (the Initial Term and each renewal term, collectively, the "Term").
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for an Initial Term of five (5) years, and will automatically renew for additional periods of five (5) years unless one Party notifies the other of its intention not to renew, no less than 12 months prior to the expiration of the then-current term, unless terminated as permitted under this Agreement.
Following the Term, this Supply Agreement shall automatically renew for successive periods of one (1) year (each a "Renewal Term"), unless a Party delivers written notice of non-renewal to the other Party [***] prior to the end of the applicable term.
Thereafter, the Agreement shall be automatically renewed for additional two year periods (each a "Renewal Term", the Initial Term and all Renewal Terms, the "Term") unless either Party notifies the other Party of its intention not to renew in writing at least three calendar months before the expiration of the then current Term.
After the Initial Term (including any extension thereto made in accordance with the preceding sentence), the Agreement may be extended on a yearly basis up to ten (10) years at Vericel's sole discretion, with renewal notice to be provided to MediWound no later than twelve (12) months prior to the expiry of any yearly extension (the "Renewal Term", and the Initial Term, together with the Renewal Term, if any, the "Term"); provided that unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, the Term of this Agreement (including the Initial Term, any extension of the Initial Term and any Renewal Terms) shall be no more than fifteen (15) years in total.
If the Publishers exercise their right to renew, the term of the Services shall be extended by one further year, up to and including 28 February 2001.
If the Publishers exercise their right of renewal under Clause 17.1, then the Publishers shall have a further right of renewal for each of the subsequent three years, provided that the right to renew shall be conditional upon the Publishers having exercised their right in the previous year, and giving notice on or before the 30 September before the renewal is to take effect.
This Agreement will be in effect for one year from the Effective Date and will automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods unless terminated as provided below.
Upon the expiration of such term, this Agreement will renew automatically for successive terms of one (1) year each unless either party to this Agreement delivers written notice of termination to the other party to this Agreement at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the original or any renewal term.
This Agreement shall be effective until the earlier of (a) its termination in accordance with the provisions of this Article 14 or (b) the date that is two (2) years after the date of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement will renew automatically for successive terms of one (1) year each unless a party to this Agreement delivers written notice of termination to the other party to this Agreement at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the original or any renewal term or the parties to this Agreement do not agree in writing to the Quota Amount referred to in subsection 14.2(b)(1) for any one (1) year renewal term at least sixty (60) days prior to the commencement of such term.
The Company may renew this Agreement on the same terms and conditions for one (1) additional five year period that shall begin on January 1, 2005 and end on December 31, 2009, by providing a written notice of its intent to effect such renewal to the Professional by November 30, 2004.
This Agreement will automatically renew for additional 1-year terms unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement's express provisions (together with the Initial Term, such additional periods the "Term").
This agreement shall begin upon the date of its execution by MA and acceptance in writing by Company and shall remain in effect until the end of the current calendar year and shall be automatically renewed for successive one (1) year periods unless otherwise terminated according to the cancellation or termination provisions contained in paragraph 18 of this Agreement.
At Rogers' option, this Agreement shall renew for a subsequent term of two (2) years on the terms and conditions herein (the "Renewal Term").
License Term Perpetual, unlimited runs x Other: 2 years Commencing: November 15, 2012
Thereafter, this Agreement shall renew automatically for one (1) additional three (3) year period (the "Renewal Term" and collectively, together with the Initial Term, the "Term") unless either party provides the other with written notice of non-renewal at least ninety (90) days before the expiration of the Initial Term].
This agreement shall automatically renew for additional successive terms of twelve (12) months each at the end of the Initial Term ("Renewal Terms"), unless either party notifies the other in writing at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the Initial Term.
If this Agreement is renewed for the Second Additional Term, then the Second Additional Term shall commence on July 23, 2019 and the Agreement shall expire and terminate automatically without further notice on July 22, 2022.
In the event that MusclePharm shall achieve Net Sales (as defined below) of $20 million (the "First Renewal Threshold") in the aggregate during the Third Contract Year, then this Agreement shall automatically be renewed for an additional term of three (3) years (the "First Additional Term") on the same terms and conditions for the Initial Term except that: (i) no additional Stock Compensation (as defined below) shall be issued in connection with the renewal Term, (ii) the Cash Compensation for the First Additional Term shall be as set forth in Section 7 and Exhibit "C" Section (2) attached hereto, (iii) Endorser shall only be obligated to make two (2) Appearances in each Contract Year during the First Additional Term pursuant to Section 4(a)(ii) below and (iv) the marketing budget to promote the Licensed Products shall be $5.0 million during each Contract Year of the First Additional Term (subject to Section 12(b) of this Agreement).
If this Agreement is renewed for the First Additional Term, then the First Additional Term shall commence on July 23, 2016, and the Agreement shall expire and terminate automatically without further notice on July 22, 2019.
In the event that MusclePharm shall achieve Net Sales of $50 million (the "Second Renewal Threshold") in the aggregate during the sixth Contract Year, then this Agreement shall automatically be renewed for an additional term of three (3) years (the "Second Additional Term") on the same terms and conditions for the initial Term except that: (i) no additional Stock Compensation (as defined below) shall be issued in connection with the renewal Term, (ii) the Cash Compensation for the renewal Term shall be as set forth in Section 7 and Exhibit "C" Section (3) attached hereto, (iii) Endorser shall only be obligated to make two (2) Appearances in each Contract Year during the Second Additional Term pursuant to Section 4(a)(ii) below and (iv) the marketing budget to promote the Licensed Products shall be $5.0 in each Contract Year of the Second Additional Term (subject to Section 12(b) of this Agreement).
This Agreement shall automatically continue following the Initial Term, for an additional period of three (3) years, unless a party to this Agreement provides written notice of termination to the other parties at least sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or this Agreement ("Extended Term" and, with the Initial Term, "Term").
This agreement begins on the Commencement Date and, subject to clause 11.2, shall continue for an initial term of one (1) years (Initial Term) and indefinitely after that until terminated by either party giving at least twelve (12) months' prior written notice to expire on or after the expiry date of the initial term.
Distributor shall have the option to renew this Agreement for an additional Three (3) year period by providing prior written notice to Company within Ninety (90) days of the end of the initial period of this Agreement.
This agreement shall automatically renew for a period of three (3) years and upon the parties mutual agreement on new minimum performance goals for the renewal period.
Upon expiration of the Initial Term of this Agreement, this Agreement will automatically renew for additional, successive five (5) year periods unless either Party provides the other Party written notice of its desire to terminate at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the end of the Initial Term or any renewal.
The term of this Agreement shall be for one (1) year commencing on the Effective Date and automatically renewing annually thereafter, unless either party provides a thirty-day notice of written termination one to the other ("Term").
In the event that either Wade or Naked wishes to extend the Term of the Agreement as contemplated above, it shall provide the other Party with written notice at least ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the Term.
The other Party will then have a period of fourteen (14) days from the date of the notice to indicate whether it also desires to extend the Term, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and if no such indication is made, the other Party will be deemed to have declined the offer to extend
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of four (4) years, commencing on the Effective Date, which term may be extended for up to three (3) years by written agreement of both Parties prior to the expiration date of the initial term or any extension thereof (collectively, the "Term").
At the end of *** Parties will negotiate in good faith regarding a possible extension of the Initial Term.
Parties can mutually agree in writing to deviate from an automatic extension of *** by extending this Agreement for a longer period than ***.
If no termination notice is provided, the Agreement will be automatically extended for consecutive *** periods until such time as *** termination notice is provided.
This Agreement shall automatically renew beyond the Initial Term for successive one (I) year terms (each, a "Renewal Term"), unless a Party provides the other with written notice of termination at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the then-current Renewal Term.
If either party elects not to renew the Agreement and the other party wishes to continue the Agreement, the Parties shall attempt in good faith to negotiate an amendment to the Agreement to renew the Term on such terms as may be negotiated by the Parties.
Thereafter, the agreement shall automatically renew for successive five (5)-year terms, unless either Party gives written notice to the other Party of intent not to renew at least six (6) months prior to the expiration of the then-current Term.
This Agreement shall automatically be renewed for successive one (1) year increments unless either party request in writing, at least ninety (90) days prior to the anniversary date, that this Agreement not to be renewed.
Following the Initial Term, the Agreement shall automatically be renewed for additional periods of **** (each, a "Renewal Term," and, together with the Initial Term, the "Term")), unless a Party provides written notification of non-renewal to the other Party at least **** of the Initial Term or a Renewal Term.
A Facility Addendum may be extended for up to three (3) additional periods of twelve (12) months (each, an "Extension Period") by written notice given by Customer to Manufacturer not less than twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Extension Period, as the case may be
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Facility Addendum, this Agreement (a) shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of four (4) years from such date (the "Initial Term" of this Agreement), unless sooner terminated pursuant to Section 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 or 7.7, and (b) may be extended for up to three (3) additional periods of twelve (12) months (each, an "Extension Period") by written notice given by Customer to Manufacturer not less than twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Extension Period, as the case may be.
Upon completion of the Initial Term, provided that the Reseller has achieved the Annual Milestones, the term of the Agreement shall be automatically renewed for an additional five (5) years.
Thereafter, at the end of each renewal term, the Agreement shall renew for an additional two (2) years unless one party provides the other party with prior written notice of non-renewal at least sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of the then-current term.
The term of this JSMA shall commence on May 1, 2020 (the "Commencement Date") and ends at April 30, 2029 (the "Term"), with automatic renewals each for a period of five (5) years (a "Renewal Term") unless notice is given pursuant to 5.2.
Following the Initial Term, this Agreement shall automatically renew for successive terms of six (6) months (each a "Renewal Term", and together with the Initial Term, the "Term") unless written notice is given by either Party no later than thirty (30) days in advance of the expiration of the Initial Term or the applicable Renewal Term.
It is established by calendar year and renewed tacitly every year.
Should the Parties have not agreed to the following agreement by [* * *], this Agreement shall automatically stay in force for a maximum of [* * *] (unless otherwise mutually agreed by the Parties or as otherwise set forth in Section 18.1(a)) or until the Parties have signed the follow-on agreement (the "Renewal Term").
At any time prior to the end of the Term, the Parties may agree in writing to extend the Agreement for successive One (1) Year periods (the "Renewal Terms") under the same conditions set forth herein.
This Agreement shall be automatically renewed for successive three (3) year terms thereafter (each a "Renewal Term" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term") until and unless (i) either Party provides the other Party written notice of non-renewal no later than ninety (90) days prior the end of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term or (ii) earlier terminated as provided in this ARTICLE 11.
Contract is renewable for 1 year extension by amendment to this agreement.
Thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically be renewed for successive 1-year terms (each a "Renewal Term", and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
The Agreement shall automatically renew for successive one (1) year terms (each a "Renewal Term") unless either party provides the other party written notification of its intent to terminate the Agreement no later than sixty (60) days prior to the end of the then applicable term.
This Agreement shall continue until January 18, 2022, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods ending on January 18th of each year, provided such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (a) the Fund's Board of Trustees and (b) a vote of a majority (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund's Trustees who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of the Plan, in this Agreement, or any agreement related to the Plan (the "Qualified Trustees"), by vote cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting on such approval.
This agreement will be automatically renewed at the end of every ten (10) year term, with each subsequent term of renewal being for a ten (10) year term.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect until the end of the fifteenth (15th) Contract Year, and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter until terminated by either Party by providing thirty (30) calendar days' prior written notice of termination to the other Party (such fifteen (15) Contract Year period, as may be further extended as provided herein is referred to as the "Term").
In the event that either party does not give such notice, the term of this Agreement shall be automatically renewed for another one (1) year.
A party wishing to renew this Agreement shall give the other party notice thereof no less than thirty (30) days before the expiration of the term then in effect.
mPhase shall have the right to annually renew this agreement for a period of one year upon each annual expiration with the written consent of Lucent, which written consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.
LeadersOnline shall have the option, subject to VerticalNet's approval exercised in its sole and absolute discretion, to extend the Term of this Agreement for an additional 12 months (a "Renewal Term") on such terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed upon by the Parties.
This Agreement will automatically renew at the end of the Initial Term or a subsequent renewal term on a year to year basis (each, a "Renewal Term"), unless either Party notifies the other at least 30 days prior to the end of the Initial Term or then current Renewal Term, as applicable, of its intention not to renew this Agreement (a "Termination Notice").
This Agreement will automatically renew at the end of the Initial Term or a subsequent renewal term on a year to year basis (each, a "Renewal Term"), unless either party notifies the other at least 30 days prior to the end of the Initial Term or then current Renewal Term, as applicable, of its intention not to renew this Agreement.
This Agreement shall be effective upon the<omitted>Effective Date and shall remain in force for a period of one (1) year, and shall be automatically renewed for successive periods of one (1) year unless otherwise terminated as provided herein.
The Agreement shall automatically renew for successive one year additional terms unless terminated by either party at least six months prior to the expiration of the then-current term.
MBE shall have the right to elect by written notice to the Company at any time between two (2) and six (6) months prior to the end of such initial term or any subsequent Renewal Period (as defined below), to notify the Company that MBE elects to seek to extend such term for additional two (2)-year periods (each a "Renewal Period") In the event of such election, MBE and the Company shall have -------------- a period of sixty (60) days in which to negotiate commercially reasonable Basic Fees, Bounty Fees and eBay Fees (and other applicable fees) ("Fee Schedule") ------------ under which the Company would be willing to renew this Agreement for such Renewal Period.
If MBE notifies the Company of its intent to so renew prior to the end of such initial term or such Renewal Period, the term of this Agreement shall automatically be extended for the Renewal Period and, other than the Fee Schedule, all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.
This Agreement shall be for the term of one year; thereafter, the Agreement shall renew automatically under these same terms and agreements unless superceded by future agreements.
If the Term is renewed as described in Section 2(b), Network and Affiliate will negotiate exclusively and in good faith concerning further renewal of this Agreement upon mutually-agreed terms and conditions; provided, that unless Network and Affiliate otherwise agree in writing, the exclusive negotiation period will end six (6) months before the expiration of the Term.
If Affiliate fails to notify Network of its desire that this Agreement terminate on its expiration date, at least six (6) months before the expiration date, this Agreement will automatically renew, upon the same terms and conditions, for an additional four (4) -year period ("Renewal Term").
This Agreement will automatically renew for successive one-year terms unless terminated by either party by providing the other with 30 days written notice that this Agreement will not be renewed or Affiliate enters into a Processing agreement with Network 1 and an ISO Sponsorship agreement with Harris Bank in which case this Agreement will automatically terminate concurrent with the execution of such agreements.
Unless sooner terminated under the provisions hereof, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for a period of one (1) year ("Term"). provided however, that the Parties may extend the Term for an additional year period by entering into an written addendum of the Agreement extending such term.
The period of license granted shall be for the Term and shall extend for a period of twenty four (24) months or until terminated as per clause 8 herein.
This Agreement shall continue in effect for two years from the date hereof, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (A) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund and (B) the vote of a majority of the Fund's directors who are not parties to this Agreement or "interested persons" (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Fund Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the Investment Fund Act.
Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, the Parties' respective rights and obligations under this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force for ten (10) years after the First Commercial Sale of the first Licensed Product, and shall thereafter automatically renew for an unlimited period of time unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Section 15.2.
The Services Term of this Agreement shall be automatically renewed for successive two-year terms thereafter unless written notice is given by either party to the other, indicating that party's intention not to renew the Services Term of this Agreement, at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the initial Services Term or any renewed Services Term.
The Initial Term shall automatically renew for one-month periods thereafter unless either party provides 30- days advance notice of termination, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof
The Term shall automatically renew thereafter for successive 5-year terms unless either party provides prior written notice of termination not less than 90 days prior to the end of such five-year term.
Upon the expiration of the Term, the Term shall automatically extend for successive 12-month periods until one Party terminates the Agreement by providing at least 180 days prior written notice to the other Party prior to the expiration of the then-current term or unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
The initial term of this Agreement and any renewal term thereof shall be automatically extended at the end of the initial term and any renewal term thereof for an additional one (1) year period unless either Party notifies the other Party not less than six (6) months before the end of the then in effect term of its intent to terminate this Agreement.
This Agreement shall automatically extend for an additional two (2) years on the same terms herein ("Renewal Term") provided WPT receives payments greater than twelve million U.S. dollars ($12,000,000) within the Initial Term.
The Initial Term shall automatically be extended for an additional period of half a year unless either party provides the other party with written notification of termination of the letter Agreement at least 60 days prior to end of such period.
IMNTV will extend the Agreement on the same terms and conditions for additional one-year terms, providing Distributor and IMNTV agree, predicated on satisfactory performance by both parties
This Agreement shall be automatically renewed for additional extended terms each of two (2) years duration unless either party notifies the other in writing of its intention not to renew the Agreement, such notification to be provided at least ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the then in-effect term.
After the Initial Term, this Agreement will be automatically renewed for successive additional 3~year periods ("Extension Terms"), unless otherwise terminated by either party by giving notice to the other party not less than sixty (60) days prior to the end of a Term.
At the end of such [*] ([*]) year period, HSWI shall have the right to renew the Agreement under materially the same terms or shall have an option to purchase the Translated Content outright to the extent rights permit and to the extent the parties mutually agree to terms for such sale.
This Agreement may be renewed for an additional term of ten (10) years by notice in writing given by XFN to CEIS at the expiry of the Term, for a consideration to be mutually agreed.
This contract shall remain in effect initially for the five (5) year term ("Initial Term") from the date signed and shall be automatically extended for one (1) year periods after the Initial Term ("Renewal Term") unless (i) either party provides written notice of its intention not to renew the Agreement within 180 days prior to any Renewal Term; or (ii) this Agreement is otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms of this Section 12.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and terminate in _____________, on _____________, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement may be renewed for successive one (1) year periods if STAAR and Distributor expressly agree in writing and in their sole discretion to renew this Agreement prior to the foregoing termination date or any successive renewal term.
The Agreement may be extended for one (1) year upon the parties' mutual agreement in writing, it being specifically understood the services to be performed by CELEBRITY (on behalf of ABG) and remuneration to ABG in connection with the same shall be negotiated in good faith.
When this Agreement expires, you will have the option to continue the franchise relationship with us for two (2) additional terms of ten (10) years each.
This Agreement shall automatically renew for an additional period of three (3) years (such renewal and each subsequent renewal shall be defined as a "Renewal Term") provided that EFS achieves Net Merchandise Sales of at least ***** during the fourth year following launch of the first Website.
Without prejudice to either party's right to terminate this Agreement as set forth in sub​ sections 18.2 to 18.5 below, Cisco may, by written notice to Distributor, given at least thirty (30) days prior to the end of the then-current term of the Agreement, extend the term of the Agreement for the period set forth in such notice, up to a maximum of one (1) year beyond the then- current expiration date.
Without notification the contract will automatically extend for an additional month of service.
Term: twelve (12) months from the date of the Agreement which term shall automatically renew for an additional twelve (12) months on such date if the Agreement is not otherwise terminated according to Section 8 of the Agreement.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the four-year anniversary of the Effective Date (such period, as it may be extended, either by the mutual written agreement of the parties or automatically, or earlier terminated being referred to as the "Consultation Period"), unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 4, and shall automatically renew for successive one-year periods, unless the Company provides 90 days' notice of termination before any such successive period.
Upon the expiration of the initial term of this Agreement, Franchisee shall have the one time right to obtain a successor franchise to operate a Pretzel Time Unit at the Site (a "Successor Franchise") for a single term of five (5) years immediately following the expiration of the initial term of the Franchise upon giving Pretzel Time six (6) months notice prior to the expiration of the then current term
This Agreement shall automatically be renewed for one (1) or more one (1) month periods unless either the Customer or i-on gives notice to the other party of its intention not to renew the<omitted>Agreement, which notice must be given not less than fifteen (15) days before the end of the respective initial or renewal term.
This Agreement shall continue in effect from the Effective Date for a one (1) year period, unless earlier terminated as set forth below, and thereafter shall renew automatically for successive one (1) year periods unless either party gives the other party at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of its intent not to renew the Agreement.
Diplomat or Tadeo, if such party is not in default of the terms of this Agreement, may extend the term of this Agreement for an additional one year ("Additional Period"), provided the extending party gives the other party at least sixty (60) days advance written notice before the end of the Period.
Within ninety (90) days of our receipt of your notice to renew, we will furnish you with written notice of: (i) reasons which could cause us not to grant a renewal to you including but not limited to any deficiencies which require correction and a schedule for correction by you; and (ii) our then-current requirements relating to the image, appearance, decoration, furnishing, equipping and stocking of Buffalo Wild Wings businesses, and a schedule for effecting upgrading or modifications in order to bring the Franchised Restaurant in compliance, as a condition of renewal. Renewal of the franchise shall be conditioned upon your compliance with such requirements and continued compliance with all the terms and conditions of this Agreement up to the date of termination of the initial term.
You have the right to renew the franchise for two (2) successive terms equal to five (5) years each, providing you meet all of the following conditions: 1. You have, during the entire term, complied with all the provisions of the Agreement; 2. The premises of the Franchised Restaurant meet our then-current standards for Buffalo Wild Wings restaurants and you are able to maintain possession of the Franchised Restaurant. Before the expiration date of this Agreement you must bring the Franchised Restaurant into full compliance with the specifications and standards then applicable for new or renewing Buffalo Wild Wings businesses and present us with evidence satisfactory that you have the right to remain in possession of the Franchised Restaurant premises for the duration of the renewal term. In the event you are unable to maintain possession of the premises of the Franchised Restaurant or if the premises do not meet our then-current standards, you may secure substitute premises approved by us and provided that you have furnished, stocked and equipped such premises to bring the Franchised Restaurant at its substituted premises into full compliance with the then-current specifications and standards before the expiration date of this Agreement; 3. You have given us written notice of your desire to renew at least six (6) months but not more than twelve (12) months prior to the end of the term; 4. You have satisfied all of your monetary obligations to us and our affiliates and have timely met these obligations throughout the term of this Agreement; 5. You have executed for the renewal term our then-current form of Franchise Agreement (with appropriate modifications to reflect the fact that the agreement relates to the grant of a renewal franchise), which shall supersede in all respects this Agreement, and the terms of which may differ from the terms of this Agreement, including, without limitation, a different percentage Continuing Fee and advertising contribution; provided, however, that the percentage Continuing Fee shall not exceed seven percent (7%) during any renewal period. You will not be required to pay the then-current initial franchise fee or its equivalent; 6. You have complied with our then-current qualification and training requirements; and 7. You have executed a general release, in a form prescribed by us, of all claims against us and our affiliates, and respective officers, directors, agents, shareholders and employees.
The Agreement will be automatically renewed for additional one (1) year terms (subject to applicable fee adjustments) unless thirty (30) days prior to the anniversary of the Effective Date Licensee gives written notice to XACCT of its intention not to renew.
Following the completion of such maintenance term, Bankers Bank may, at its option, renew maintenance for subsequent periods of one (1) year each, subject to adjustments proposed by Netzee not to exceed 5% at least sixty (60) days in advance of the applicable renewal date.
This Agreement shall automatically renew for consecutive one (1) year terms at XIMAGE's then prevailing rates at the end of each one (1) year term unless either party gives at least sixty (60) days prior written notice of the non-renewal of this Agreement.
Unless either party gives written notice of termination of this Agreement at least 60 days prior to the end of the Initial Term, or any successive three-year term, this Agreement shall automatically renew for successive additional three-year terms; provided, however, that this Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the dissolution of the client.
This Agreement shall be renewed automatically for another five (5) years upon the expiration unless the Parties confirm, in writing, the termination of this Agreement.
knowingly use the Services in violation of this Agreement.<omitted>4.7 Data protection. Each Party agrees to comply with all applicable data protection and privacy laws arising from its obligations, if any, under the Agreement and to reasonably co-operate with the other Party in order to allow the other Party to comply with any laws as deemed necessary from time to time. Each Party shall treat all data, information relating to Services, including but not limit to the customer personal data, as confidential. Each party warrants that it shall take appropriate technical and organizational measures against unauthorized or unlaw
knowingly use the Services in violation of this Agreement. 3 4.7 Data protection. Each Party agrees to comply with all applicable data protection and privacy laws arising from its obligations, if any, under the Agreement and to reasonably co-operate with the other Party in order to allow the other Party to comply with any laws as deemed necessary from time to time. Each Party shall treat all data, information relating to Services, including but not limit to the customer personal data, as confidential. Each party warrants that it shall take appropriate technical and organizational measures against unauthorized or unlaw
Thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically continue in effect until either party gives the other at least six (6) months prior written notice of termination.
The Parties agree that prior to July 1, 2000, iVillage will provide FMM with the opportunity to renew this Agreement (the "Renewal Term") on terms set forth in a proposal (the "Proposal) to be presented to FMM. FMM shall indicate its acceptance or rejection of the Proposal no later than August 31, 2000. If iVillage does not receive FMM's acceptance or rejection of the Proposal by August 31, 2000, iVillage may interpret FMM's non response as a rejection of the Proposal.
Unless either party gives written notice to terminate this Agreement at least six (6) months prior to the end of said Initial Term, this Agreement shall continue on a year to year basis ("Extended Term(s)") until terminated by either party by giving written notice of termination thereof to the other party at least six (6) months prior to the end of the then current Extended Term.
This agreement shall automatically renew for successive six (6) month periods unless written notice is provided of either party's intent not to renew at least six (6) months before the end of the then-current term.
The BSP then have the option to renew the agreement for another 5 years subject to any restructuring of the agreement as required by the parties.
The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and extend for three (3) years thereafter ("INITIAL TERM"), with an automatic renewal for an indefinite period of time ("EXTENDED TERM"), unless terminated by the parties according to Sections 16.2. or 16.3. herein.
Unless either party gives the other at least ninety days' prior written notice that it has elected not to extend the term of this Agreement beyond December 31, 1998, the term of this Agreement will be automatically extended until December 31, 1999.
Thereafter this Agreement will automatically be renewed for successive additional periods of one year, unless either party gives notice of cancellation on or before October 1 of any such year.
If M&I and Customer are unable to agree upon the terms for renewal of this Agreement at least six (6) months prior to the expiration of the Term, then Customer may, at its option, renew this Agreement for one (1) twelve month period at the then-current terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Unless Customer notifies Metavante of its intent not to renew this Agreement in writing within a period of three (3) months following the Renewal Notice, this Agreement shall automatically renew at the end of the Initial Term on the same terms (including pricing terms) for one (1) twelve-month period.
This Attachment will automatically be renewed for periods of six (6) months unless either party gives twelve (12) months written notice of its intent to terminate this Agreement.
This Agreement will automatically be renewed for periods of twelve (12) months unless either Party gives six (6) months written notice of its intent to terminate this Agreement.
Thereafter, this agreement will renew automatically from year to year unless cancelled in writing by either Party giving the other written notice of such cancellation a minimum of 60 days before the end of the then current term.
Thereafter, this Agreement automatically renews for successive terms of one (1) year.
This Agreement shall renew for successive 1-year periods, after the initial 1 Year Term, if agreed by both parties in writing within 30 days of license expiration.
Upon expiry of the Initial Term, this Agreement [*****] unless a Notice of non-renewal is given by either Party to the other Party [*****] prior to the expiry of the Initial Term or the end of a renewal period, if any.
Thereafter, the Maintenance Term shall automatically renew for successive period, 12 months, on the terms and conditions of this Agreement unless Bank of America terminates Maintenance Services pursuant to this Agreement.
Thereafter, Bellicum shall have consecutive separate options to extend the Term for successive renewal terms of five (5) years each (each, a "Renewal Term", and<omitted>collectively with the Initial Term, the "Term").
Thereafter, this Agreement shall be effective month to month, until terminated by Transporter or Shipper upon the following written notice to the other specifying a termination date: sixty (60) days for interruptible transportation under Rate Schedule ITS and 180 days for firm transportation under Rate Schedule FTS.
This Agreement will automatically renew for up to two (2) renewal terms of five (5) years each (each, an "Extension Period") unless either Party provides the other Party with written notice of its intent to terminate this Agreement at least six (6) months prior to the end of the Initial Term or the then current Extension Period.
In accordance with items 9.3, 9.4, and 10.3, this Contract shall come into force on the Effective Date, remain effective throughout the Initial Term, and be prolonged, or further extended automatically for a period of 12<omitted>months, each such extension commencing at the end of the last day of the Initial Term or the relevant anniversary thereof, unless either Party serves written notice of termination on the other Party at least 65 days prior to the end of the Initial Term, or any subsequent extension.
Upon the expiry of this Agreement, this Agreement may be renewed automatically for one year (but can only be renewed once) if neither Party raises objection.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms, including by Ginkgo pursuant to Section 7.3 (Buy-Down Election) or extended by the mutual written agreement of the Parties, shall continue until the Intended End of Term (such time period, as may be extended pursuant to this Section 13.3.1 (Term - General), the "Term"); provided that, if,<omitted>at the expiration of the Intended End of Term, Ginkgo has paid the Minimum Cumulative Purchase Commitment, but will not have paid to BLI the Full Purchase Target, then the Term of this Agreement shall automatically extend for an additional [***] ([***]) year period from the date of the expiration of the then-Intended End of Term so that, among other things, BLI may potentially receive the benefit of the Full Purchase Target and Ginkgo may receive the continuing benefit of royalty-free licenses.
Unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 18, this Agreement shall automatically renew for each subsequent one-year term.
This term shall be extended for a 1 year period provided 3000 pagers per month are distributed to Purchase customers.
The Parties may negotiate for an extension of this Agreement six (6) months before the expiration of the Cooperation Period.
The term of this Agreement is twelve (12) months from the date hereof, and will be automatically renewed for one (1) additional twelve month period unless either party shall notify the other in writing of its intention not to renew.
The Term of this Agreement shall be extended for subsequent one year periods upon the mutual agreement of the parties, which agreement shall be set forth in writing (in which event a party that desires to so extend the Term of this Agreement shall notify the other party at least 120 days prior to the termination of this Agreement).
You shall have the option to renew the term of this Agreement, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, for four (4) additional ten (10) year terms, upon written notice given by you to us not less than six (6) months nor more than twelve (12) months prior to the scheduled expiration date of the term then in effect, provided that each of the following conditions are satisfied: 3.2.1 You shall not be in default of any provision of this Agreement, or any other agreement between you and us or our affiliates, or any standards set forth in the Manuals, and you shall have complied with all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Manuals and any other agreements during the term of this Agreement. 3.2.2 You shall have satisfied all monetary obligations owed by you to us and our affiliates, and shall have timely met those obligations throughout the term of this Agreement. 3.2.3 You shall, at our option, execute our then-current form of Master Franchise Agreement and any addenda thereto for the renewal term, which renewal agreement shall supersede this Agreement in all respects, and the terms of which, including, without limitation, continuing fees payable to us, may differ materially and be less advantageous to you than the terms of this Agreement. 3.2.4 You shall comply with our then-current qualification and training requirements. 3.2.5 You shall pay us a renewal fee in the sum of Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000) for the right to renew this Agreement. 3.2.6 You shall execute a general release, in a form prescribed by us, of any and all claims which you may have or believe to have against us and/or our affiliates and our respective officers, directors, agents and employees, whether the claims are known or unknown, which are based on, arise from or relate to this Agreement or the Franchised Business, as well as claims, known or unknown, which are not based on, do not arise from or do not relate to this Agreement or the Franchised Business, but which relate to other franchise agreements, Franchised Businesses and other agreements between us or our affiliates and you which arose on or before the date of the general release, including, without limitation, all obligations, liabilities, demands, costs, expenses, damages, claims, actions and causes of action, of whatever nature, character or description, arising under federal, state and local laws, rules and ordinances (provided, however, that all rights enjoyed by you and any causes of action arising in your favor from the provisions of Article 33 of the New York General Business Law ("GBL") and the regulations issued thereunder shall remain in force; it being the intent of this provision that the non-waiver provisions of GBL Sections 687.4 and 687.5 be satisfied).
Roche shall have the right to extend the term of the CDx Development Program, upon […***…] prior written notice to FMI as specified in Section 19.13, for additional three (3) year periods, during any period of time in which Roche is a majority shareholder of FMI.
Roche shall have the right to extend the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development Program, upon [...***...] written notice to FMI as specified in Section 19.13, for up to six (6)<omitted>additional one (1) year periods, during any period of time in which Roche is a majority shareholder of FMI (each a "Signature Identification Renewal Term"), provided, for clarity, that during any Signature Identification Renewal Term, FMI's obligations under Section 16.1 shall continue to apply to any signature identified under this Agreement but that exclusivity under Section 3.2.8 shall not apply to the Immuno-Biomarker Discovery Platform.
The Database Insights<omitted>Term may be extended at Roche's option, upon […***…] notice to FMI as specified in Section 19.13, for additional three (3) year periods, during any period of time in which Roche is a majority shareholder of FMI (each a "Database Renewal Term").
NVOS and HGF may renew the Agreement within two (2) years of the expiry of the initial term upon mutual understanding.
It is understood that a subsequent renewal of a five (5) year term will be negotiated in good faith and shall carry terms very close to the original Agreement.
At the end of such initial term, and any renewed term, as applicable, this Agreement shall automatically renew for an additional one (1) year term, unless a party provides written notice to the other parties at least six (6) months prior to the end of the<omitted>initial term.
Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, this Agreement continues in effect for an initial term of seven (7) years ("Initial Term") and will automatically renew for one or more annual periods after the Initial Term (each a "Renewal Term") unless either party gives notice of non-renewal at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the beginning of any Renewal Term.
This JV Agreement shall become effective on the signing date and shall have a duration of * years, extendable for a further * years, unless notice of non- renewal is sent one year before the natural expiry date.
This Agreement shall terminate, subject to any automatic renewal or extension for one year as required by law, upon either party giving at least one hundred twenty (120) days advance written notice to the other, if not otherwise contrary to applicable law or this Agreement.
Unless terminated prior to the natural expiration of the Initial Term, upon the expiry of the Initial Term this Agreement shall automatically renew for successive terms of the same duration, unless either party gives written notice to the other of such party's desire not to renew not less than ninety (90) days prior to the date of the expiration of the Initial Term or any successive term thereafter.
This Agreement shall be automatically renewed for successive one year periods unless either party gives written notice of termination to the other party at least thirty (30) days prior to the date of expiration.
Unless terminated sooner, the term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for three (3) years thereafter (the "Initial Term") and shall automatically renew for additional one (1) year terms on the terms and conditions set forth herein (each a "Renewal Term" and collectively, the "Term") unless either party gives the other Party Notice of its intention to terminate this Agreement ninety (90) days before the end of the Initial Term or Renewal Term, if any.
After the Initial Term, this Agreement shall continue on a month to month basis until terminated by either party upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other setting forth the effective date of such termination.
Thereafter, this Agreement shall be renewed automatically on a five (5) year basis, unless one party notifies the other of its desire to terminate this Agreement at least sixty 90 days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or then current renewal term, as applicable, or unless a new Agreement is signed between the USA MCO and IMedicor which will then invalidate this Agreement.
The term of this Agreement is twelve (12) months from the date hereof, and will be automatically renewed for one (1) additional twelve month period unless either party shall notify the other in writing of its intention not to renew.
Unless this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 25, this Agreement will automatically renew for additional successive [***] terms (each a "Renewal Term" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term") unless and until either Party provides written notice of non-renewal to the other Party at least [***] prior to the end of the then-current Term.
This Agreement shall be for an initial term of five (5) years, and unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, shall automatically renew for an additional term of five (5) years thereafter.
Upon expiration of the Initial Term, unless written notice to the contrary is provided by one party to the other party at least 30 days prior to the expiration of the then-current term, this Agreement shall be renewed for additional, successive periods of one (1) year each (each a "Renewal" and together with the Initial Term, collectively, the "Term").
One month prior to the expiry of the Cooperation Term, the parties may further negotiate the cooperation forms, if fails, this Agreement will be terminated upon expiry.
Subject to the other provisions contained herein, this AGREEMENT shall be for a term of thirty (30) years from the Effective Date, which shall automatically renew from year-to-year thereafter unless terminated by a Party upon sixty (60) days' written notice after the end of the term.
The term of this Agreement may be extended for an additional two year period with the written consent of both parties.
As provided for in this Section 1, the term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years, beginning on the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"); provided, however, the Initial Term shall be subject to automatic successive renewal terms of three (3) years each (the "Renewal Terms" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term").
The terms of this Agreement shall be one year from the effective date and will be automatically renewed on each anniversary of the effective date, for a renewal term of one year unless either party provides written notification of its intention not to renew this Agreement at least one month prior to the expiration of the initial or any renewal terms.
The Term will automatically renew for successive additional periods of one (1) year each, provided that: (a) Distributor has made all Guaranteed Minimum Purchases and has complied with the marketing requirements under paragraph 4.1(b); (b) the parties have agreed in writing upon the Guaranteed Minimum Purchase amounts and Product price discounts for the next subsequent one (1) year renewal period; (c) neither party provided the other party with notice of such party's intention not to renew this Agreement at least thirty (30) days prior to any year's Expiration Date; and (d) neither party provided the other party with such notice as may be required pursuant to paragraphs 5.2, 5.3 or 5.4.
This Agreement shall have an initial term of one (1) year from the date first above written (the "Initial Term"), and shall thereafter automatically renew for successive two (2) year periods (each a "Renewal Term"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
Either party may cancel this Agreement effective on the last day of the Initial Term, or<omitted>any Renewal Term, by serving written notice of such termination on the other party at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term as the case may be.
The term of this Agreement shall be two (2) years from the Effective Date with automatic annual renewals thereafter provided either party does not provide sixty (60) days notice of termination prior to the renewal date or the Agreement is not otherwise terminated as set forth in Section 8.
After the initial term, unless terminated, this Agreement will automatically renew for periods of one (1) calendar year each.
If Distributor complies with all of the terms of this Agreement, the Agreement shall be renewable on an annual basis for one (1) year terms for up to another ten (10) years on the same terms and conditions as set forth herein.
In the event that there is no written notice issued by either party to show the intention to renew this Agreement in the said thirty(30) days before the expiry of the current Term of the Agreement, the Agreement shall terminate at the end of the said thirty(30) days.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years from the date first set forth above and shall thereafter automatically renew for additional two (2) year terms unless a party provides the other party with notice of non-renewal no less than 6 months prior to the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term unless earlier terminated as follows:
Provided that COMWARE purchases a minimum of $45,420.00 worth of Products, in any combination, during the Initial Distribution Period, this Agreement will automatically renew for an additional 6 months (the Renewal Period).
Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the initial term of this Agreement shall be three (3) years from the Effective Date and shall thereafter be automatically renewed for subsequent one (1) year periods unless either party notifies the other in writing of its election not to renew the Agreement at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the expiration of the then-current term.
Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until terminated by either Party upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice.
This contract shall be for a term of one year commencing on the date first above written; thereafter, it shall automatically continue until terminated by either party upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party.
This Agreement will automatically renew for successive one year terms (each a "Renewal Term", and together with the Initial Term, the "Term"), unless either Charterer or Owner elects not to renew this Agreement by providing the other party with written notice of such election 30 days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or Renewal Term, as applicable, at which point this Agreement will automatically terminate.
At the expiration of the term or any renewal term hereof, You may, at its option, renew the Franchise granted hereunder for 2 additional terms of 10 years each on the following terms and conditions: A. You shall give AIRSOPURE notice in writing of Your election to renew this Agreement at least 3 months prior to the expiration of the then-current term. B. You shall not be in default of any provision of this Agreement or amendment hereto, including without limitation all payment obligations to AIRSOPURE and its affiliates. C. As a condition of renewal of the Franchise, You agree to execute AIRSOPURE's then-current form of franchise agreement and to comply fully with all terms and conditions thereof, and to pay AIRSOPURE the then-current renewal fee, which is presently $1,000.00. You understand that AIRSOPURE may revise its franchise agreement for any renewal term, at AIRSOPURE's sole discretion, including without limitation to increase the royalty fees or other fees payable by You or to require other obligations of franchisees. D. You shall meet AIRSOPURE's then-current qualifications and training requirements. E. You shall execute a general release in a form prescribed by AIRSOPURE releasing AIRSOPURE and its affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agents from all known and unknown claims and liabilities to the extent permitted by state and federal law. F. You may be required, at AIRSOPURE's sole discretion, to upgrade or remodel Your AIRSOPURE Center to conform to AIRSOPURE's then-current specifications and standards as specified in AIRSOPURE's Operating Manual of otherwise in writing, provided such upgrade or remodel is reasonable in terms of cost and implementation schedule.
You will have the right to renew your rights to operate the Franchise Business for two (2) additional successor terms of five (5) years, so long as you have satisfied all of the conditions specified in Sections 2.2.1 through 2.2.10 before each such renewal: 2.2.1 You agree to give us written notice of your choice to renew at least six (6) months before the end of the term of this Agreement (but not more than nine (9) months before the term expires).
Subject to the provisions of subparagraph 2.6(b) below, and if you have substantially complied with all provisions of this Agreement and all other agreements between us, on expiration of the Initial Term, if you refurbish and decorate the Premises, replace fixtures, furnishings, wall decor, furniture, equipment, and signs and otherwise modify the Franchise in compliance with specifications and standards then applicable under new or renewal franchises for The Joint Corp. Location franchises, you will have the right to renew the Franchise for one (1) additional term of ten (10) years (the "Renewal Term").
Should you choose to renew the Franchise, you must provide us with written notice of that intent no earlier than two (2) years and no later than one (1) year before the expiration of the Initial Term.
This Agreement shall be automatically renewed for an additional one year period on each anniversary of the Effective Date, unless terminated by either Party hereto upon ninety (90) days written notice to the other.
Each Service Option Attachment will renew automatically for an additional term equal in duration to the previous term of the applicable Service Option Attachment unless either party notifies the other party in writing at least ninety (90) days prior to the end of the then-current term for the applicable Service Option Attachment that it has elected to terminate such Service Option Attachment.
This Agreement shall renew automatically thereafter for successive one year periods until terminated pursuant to Section 12 herein or unless either Client or TrueLink deliver to the other written notice of intent not to renew no later than thirty (30) days prior to the end of said year.
This agreement shall renew automatically each year thereafter, unless either party serves written notice of its intention not to renew, on the other at least 90 days prior to the expiration of the then current term of this agreement.
Thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically renew for subsequent one (1) year periods unless either party provides the other party with written notification at least thirty (30) days prior to the expiration of the initial five (5) year term or any one (1) year renewal thereof of its intention to terminate this Agreement.
Thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically renew for subsequent one (1) year periods unless either party provides the other party with written notification at least thirty (30) days prior to the expiration of the initial five (5) year term or any one (1) year renewal thereof of its intention to terminate this Agreement.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall be valid for a period of five (5) years with automatic renewal of one year thereafter until terminated<omitted>by either party with one (1) year written notice prior to the expiration of the initial period or any extension period thereof.
This Agreement shall have a term of four (4) years from the effective date first set forth above, and shall automatically renew for additional one year terms unless earlier terminated by either party.
This Agreement may be renewed for additional periods of one (1) year (each such additional period, a "Renewal Term") unless either Party provides notice of nonrenewal upon not less than [***] prior written notice to the other Party.
This Agreement shall be automatically renewed for additional successive one (1) year periods, unless written notice of non-renewal is received no later than six (6) months prior to the expiration of the then current term.
The term of this Agreement is three years from and including the date of this Agreement (the "Initial Term"), with automatic renewal for additional successive one-year terms (each a "Renewal Term" and together wit the Initial Term, the "Term") unless no later than [* * *] days prior to the end of the Initial Term, or any Renewal Term either party notifies the other that it wishes to terminate this Agreement effective the end of the Initial Term or that Renewal Term, as applicable.
This Agreement shall continue in effect for a period of one year from the date of its execution and from year to year thereafter provided such continuance is specifically approved by a majority of the trustees of the Trust who (i) are not "interested persons" of the Trust or any other party to this Agreement, as defined in the 1940 Act, and (ii) have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of this Agreement ("Non- Interested Trustees")
After the initial period of two years, the maintenance and support contract shall be automatically renewed for a period of one year on each renewal date, unless one of the parties terminates the maintenance and support contract through written notification to the other party in the form of a registered letter with proof of receipt, at least six (6) weeks prior to the renewal date.
The Agreement may be renewed for an additional period of seven (7) years at the option of the Licensor.
For a renewable one-year term commencing upon the Maintenance Commencement Date, subject to payment of maintenance fees in accordance with the Fee Schedule but without additional fees or charges, Garman shall provide the following Maintenance Services:
This Agreement shall be subject to an automatic extension for consecutive one (1) year periods thereafter (each, an "Extension Term" and together with the Initial Term, the "Term"), unless terminated (i) in accordance with its terms or (ii) upon thirty (30) days' written notice by either Party to the other Party.
This Agreement will extend automatically for monthly periods unless either party to this Agreement notifies the other party in writing at least thirty (30) days before the expiration of the then current term.
Thereafter, this Agreement shall renew only upon the mutual written agreement of the parties for up to three additional renewal terms of one year each (each, a "Renewal Term").
The Term will be 3 years from Effective Date with an automatic 2 year term extensions unless otherwise advised by one of the Parties.
Thereafter the term of this Agreement shall automatically renew for consecutive periods of two (2) years each.
This Agreement will renew automatically thereafter for successive one-year terms unless and until one Party gives notification of termination with at least sixty (60) days written notice.
This Agreement shall automatically renew for successive one-year terms unless one party gives the other party written notice of non-renewal at least six months prior to automatic renewal.
Furthermore, for a thirty (30) day period, beginning thirty (30) days prior to the first anniversary of this Agreement, Tickets shall have the right to renew the Agreement for another year with Sponsor Fees that do not exceed a [***] percent increase over the existing Sponsor Fees.
Upon expiration of the Initial Term, this Agreement shall automatically renew for consecutive one (1) year periods, unless terminated by Reseller within sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or any renewal term, as the case may be (the Initial Term and each renewal term, collectively, the "Term").
This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for an Initial Term of five (5) years, and will automatically renew for additional periods of five (5) years unless one Party notifies the other of its intention not to renew, no less than 12 months prior to the expiration of the then-current term, unless terminated as permitted under this Agreement.
Following the Term, this Supply Agreement shall automatically renew for successive periods of one (1) year (each a "Renewal Term"), unless a Party delivers written notice of non-renewal to the other Party [***] prior to the end of the applicable term.
Thereafter, the Agreement shall be automatically renewed for additional two year periods (each a "Renewal Term", the Initial Term and all Renewal Terms, the "Term") unless either Party notifies the other Party of its intention not to renew in writing at least three calendar months before the expiration of the then current Term.
After the Initial Term (including any extension thereto made in accordance with the preceding sentence), the Agreement may be extended on a yearly basis up to ten (10) years at Vericel's sole discretion, with renewal notice to be provided to MediWound no later than twelve (12) months prior to the expiry of any yearly extension (the "Renewal Term", and the Initial Term, together with the Renewal Term, if any, the "Term"); provided that unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, the Term of this Agreement (including the Initial Term, any extension of the Initial Term and any Renewal Terms) shall be no more than fifteen (15) years in total.
If the Publishers exercise their right to renew, the term of the Services shall be extended by one further year, up to and including 28 February 2001.
If the Publishers exercise their right of renewal under Clause 17.1, then the Publishers shall have a further right of renewal for each of the subsequent three years, provided that the right to renew shall be conditional upon the Publishers having exercised their right in the previous year, and giving notice on or before the 30 September before the renewal is to take effect.
This Agreement will be in effect for one year from the Effective Date and will automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods unless terminated as provided below.
Upon the expiration of such term, this Agreement will renew automatically for successive terms of one (1) year each unless either party to this Agreement delivers written notice of termination to the other party to this Agreement at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the original or any renewal term.
This Agreement shall be effective until the earlier of (a) its termination in accordance with the provisions of this Article 14 or (b) the date that is two (2) years after the date of this Agreement; provided, however, that this Agreement will renew automatically for successive terms of one (1) year each unless a party to this Agreement delivers written notice of termination to the other party to this Agreement at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the original or any renewal term or the parties to this Agreement do not agree in writing to the Quota Amount referred to in subsection 14.2(b)(1) for any one (1) year renewal term at least sixty (60) days prior to the commencement of such term.
The Company may renew this Agreement on the same terms and conditions for one (1) additional five year period that shall begin on January 1, 2005 and end on December 31, 2009, by providing a written notice of its intent to effect such renewal to the Professional by November 30, 2004.
This Agreement will automatically renew for additional 1-year terms unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement's express provisions (together with the Initial Term, such additional periods the "Term").
