Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Party may terminate this Agreement, at any time, upon sixty (60) days' prior written notice to Licensor.
Party has the right to terminate this Agreement after approval of the Dossier or marketing application for the Product (or added new product), at its sole discretion, upon providing one hundred eighty (180) days' written notice to Partycta.
Accordingly, either Party may terminate this Agreement or all/part of a Project for any reason and at any time upon giving the other Party sixty (60) days prior written notice.
This Agreement may be terminated by either party for any reason or no reason, whether or not extended beyond the initial term, by giving the other party written notice ninety (90) days in advance.
Company at its sole discretion may at any time alter or cease providing the Customer Service which it has agreed to provide to Client relating to Client Website pursuant to this Agreement without any liability to Company.
The Agreement may be terminated by both Parties with a notification period of *** before the end of the Initial Term of the Agreement.
Regardless of the term, Licensee can terminate Agreement with at least one hundred eighty (180) days written notice with no further obligation.
Customer may terminate this Agreement, or any portion of Services specified herein, for convenience by: providing at least sixty (60) days prior written notice to Party; and paying the applicable early termination charges specified in Attachment C.
This Agreement may be terminated by Party at any time, in its sole discretion, prior to the Distribution; provided, however, that this Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the termination of the Separation Agreement in accordance with its terms.
This Agreement may be terminated by Party at any time, in its sole discretion, prior to the Distribution; provided, however, that this Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the termination of the Separation Agreement in accordance with its terms.
Either Party may terminate the Project and all commitments and obligations with respect thereto, subject to Section 8.3 herein, upon thirty (30) days written notice to the other Party.
This Agreement may be terminated by Party upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to Party.
Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement in its entirety:<omitted>(c) at any time following the second (2nd) anniversary of the First Commercial Sale of the Licensed Product, for any reason or no reason, upon one hundred eighty (180) days' written notice to Party.
Company may terminate this Agreement and the license granted herein, for any reason, upon giving Party sixty (60) days written notice under Paragraph 8.1.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated in this Agreement, either party may terminate this Agreement at any time without cause by giving to the other party, not less than four (4) months written notice.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the 60th day following a written notice from one party to the other of its decision to terminate this Agreement at the end of such 60-day period or upon termination of the applicable Distribution Agreement with respect to a Fund.
The Agreement rests, for all that, cancellable at any time by any of the parties before the expiry date of the Agreement or any of itsrenewals, upon three months prior written notice.
Customer shall have the right to terminate any Scope of Work and corresponding Purchase Order for Services at any time on reasonable advance written notice to Supplier (without terminating this Agreement), in which case Customer shall be responsible for:

[* * *]
After the date that is eighteen (18) months after the Effective Date, either Party may terminate this Agreement upon six (6) months prior written notice to the other Party.
Either Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement before the end of the Term for its convenience upon [***] written notice to the other Party (and any such termination shall become effective at the end of such [***]); [***].
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Party may at any time terminate this Agreement on country-by-country basis, or in its entirety, upon [***] months' prior written notice to Party.
Either Party may terminate this agreement for non-cause with a sixty (60) written notice.
Following the Initial Term, either Party may terminate this Agreement without cause upon written notice to the other Party of at least 3 months.
In addition, Party may terminate this Agreement and the rights granted hereunder, in whole or in part, and without prejudice to enforcement of any other legal right or remedy (including any express termination right set forth elsewhere in this Agreement), at any time without cause, by providing at least thirty (30) Business Days prior written notice to Ehave, but subject to payment of a termination fee equal to an amount set out in Schedule 6.
Except as agreed by the Parties in writing or as otherwise stated in the Exhibits, Company may terminate for convenience any Transition Service, and Party may terminate for convenience any Reverse Transition Service, upon 30 days' prior written notice of such termination; provided, (a) that, with respect to the Services described in Section G1 of Exhibit A, unless otherwise indicated therein, those Services may not be terminated independently except in accordance with an agreed Migration Plan and, (b) any unamortized costs associated with Provider's purchase of any license or other costs incurred specifically for the purpose of providing the Services hereunder will be passed through to the Terminating Party.
Each Party may also terminate the Agreement for convenience after Contract Year 2<omitted>by providing written notice to the other Party at least sixty (60) calendar days prior to the effective date of such termination
Either Party may terminate this Agreement by giving the other Party thirty (30) days' prior written notice.
Licensor reserves the right to terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice for any reason, including if the usage of the Brand is not in compliance with the standards and policies.
This Agreement shall be terminable (a) by the Licensor<omitted>(ii) upon sixty (60) days' written notice by the Licensor to the Licensee or (b) by the Licensee<omitted>(ii) upon sixty (60) days' written notice by the Licensee to the Licensor.
This Agreement shall be terminable<omitted>by Licensor or Licensee upon sixty (60) days' written notice to the other party;
Party may terminate this Agreement, [**] upon [**] to About; provided,       however, that the termination is no earlier than [**] of the Effective       Date of this Agreement.
Either party wishing to terminate          the Agreement must give written notice to the other party at least          thirty (30) days prior to the desired date of termination.
SpinRecords.com may terminate  this  Agreement  for no reason or for any reason upon sixty (60) days prior  written  notice  to  Party.
Party  may terminate this Agreement at any time for<omitted>its  convenience,  for  no  reason or for any reason, upon sixty (60) days prior written  notice  to  SpinRecords.com.
Party may revoke Affiliate's license at any time.
Either Affiliate or Party may terminate this Agreement at any time, with or without cause, by giving the other party written or e-mail notice of termination.
Party will have the right to terminate the license to use                   the office space and to move out of the office space at any                   time upon two weeks notice.
Either party may cancel this Agreement at any time, with or without supplying a reason, through written notification or by making suitable settings in the respective Party.
The Software Publisher and element 5 are authorized to revoke the license granted to the Affiliate at any time by written notice.
This Agreement  shall become  effective on the Effective Date      and shall  continue in effect until  either  Party  informs the other Party      with thirty (30) day prior written notice of termination of this Agreement.
Network retains the right at all times during the Term to discontinue its distribution of the Service in its entirety and to terminate this Agreement and all other affiliates' agreements on at least ninety (90) days' prior notice without any liability therefor to Affiliate, other than amounts payable hereunder which accrued prior to such termination, including amounts payable pursuant to Section 6(b) and Exhibit D.
Theismann shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon thirty (30) days' written notice to Bizzingo, such  termination to become effective at the conclusion of such 30-day period.
This Agreement may be terminated at any time while the Employee is living by written notice thereof by either the Employer or the Employee to the other; and, in any event, this Agreement will terminate upon termination of the Employee's employment.
Party may terminate this Agreement in its entirety at any time for its convenience upon sixty (60) days' prior written notice to Party.
Without limitation of its rights under this ARTICLE 13, Party may also terminate this Agreement in its entirety as applicable, pursuant to the provisions of Section 9.7.
Client has the unilateral right to cancel this agreement at any time within a 7-day notice period.
Licensee may terminate this Agreement for convenience upon eighteen (18) months' advance written notice to Party; provided, however, that any such termination for convenience shall not become effective prior to twelve (12) months after the First Commercial Sale of the first Licensed Product.
This Agreement shall terminate immediately upon Party's receipt of Developer's notice to terminate.
Franchisor may terminate or modify any rights that Developer may have with respect to protected exclusive rights in the Location, as granted under Section 1.1 above, effective ten (10) days after delivery of written notice thereof to Developer.
Party or Party, on the one hand, and Dr. Murray, on the other, may terminate any Services Term of this Agreement by delivering 60 days written notice to the other party.
Party may terminate this Agreement in its entirety, or on a country or other jurisdiction -by-country or other jurisdiction basis, for any or no reason, upon ninety (90) days' prior written notice to Harpoon.
Either party may terminate this Agreement prior to expiration of the Term: (i) upon thirty (30) days prior written notice, or (ii) immediately upon written notice to the other party if: (a) the other party declares or a petition is filed in any court for insolvency or bankruptcy and such petition is not dismissed in thirty (30) days; (b) the other party reorganizes under the relevant bankruptcy act or any similar statute in such party's jurisdiction of incorporation; (c) the other party consents to the appointment of a trustee in bankruptcy or a receiver or similar entity; or (d) the Developer breaches Party's Technology or Intellectual Property rights contained herein.
Either Party may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon providing 180 days prior written notice to the other Party prior to the expiration of the then-current term or unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
Party may terminate this Agreement (A) in its entirety by providing [***] written notice of termination to Party or (Party) on a country-by-country or Product-by-Product basis by providing [***] written notice of termination to Party; provided that if Party desires to terminate this Agreement under this Locationection 12.2(a)(i)Party only with respect to the Location.Location. (for all Products or one or more Products), Party shall provide [***] written notice of termination to Party.
Sekisui may terminate this Agreement upon prior written notice<omitted>at any other time upon ninety (90) days' prior written notice of impending termination.
Developer may also terminate this Agreement by giving two (2) weeks' notice in writing to Party.
COMPANY may, in its unfettered discretion, terminate this Agreement at any time after first givingCONTENT PROVIDER ten (10) days advance notice thereof.
Party may terminate this Agreement by giving thirty (30) days written notice      to the Party.
This Agreement shall be in effect until March 18. 2021, unless sooner terminated by either party upon (30) days written notice, without cause.
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3 above, either party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement, without cause, upon no less than ninety (90) days' prior written notice to the other party.
"Distribution Term" means the period commencing on the first Regulatory Approval of the Product in the Territory and continuing until [***], or if this Agreement is terminated earlier pursuant to Article 12, the effective date of such termination.<omitted>At any time following the expiration of the Distribution Term (as defined in Section 1.17), the Distributor may terminate this Agreement at will upon [***] prior written notice to Party.
We may terminate your right to provide products and services to a Major Account customer at any time by giving you at least 30 days' prior written notice, and you may terminate your right to provide products and services to a Major Account at any time by giving us at least 30 days' prior written notice.
Either party may terminate this Agreement, without cause, by giving the other party [*****] days prior written notice.
Customer may terminate this Agreement and the license at any time by destroying all copies of Software including any Documentation.
Either Party may terminate this Agreement at any time during the term of this Agreement for any reason upon two weeks written notice to the other Party.
The Consultant may voluntarily terminate the Consultant's engagement with the Company at any time by giving the Company 120 days prior written Notice of the termination.
The Company may terminate Consultant's engagement at any time by giving Consultant 60 days prior written Notice of the termination.
Either Consultant or Company may terminate this Agreement upon prior written notice thereof to the other party.
The Contractor may terminate this Agreement and his or her engagement for any reason at any time upon providing 30 days advance notice in writing to Party. Termination will be effective, at Partys' election, on a date which is no earlier than the date such notice is received and no later than the date which is 30 days following that date.
The Company may terminate this Agreement and the engagement of the Contractor without Cause at any time on 30 days prior written notice.
This Agreement shall terminate immediately upon the occurrence of any of the following events:<omitted>(c) ninety (90) days following the date the Company gives CONSULTANT written notice of termination for any or no reason; or (d) CONSULTANT may terminate this Agreement by giving ninety (90) days' written notice to REIT.
Either Party may terminate this Agreement, with or without cause, upon giving the other party thirty (30) days prior written notice of such termination pursuant to Section 12.7 of this Agreement.
Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time on prior written notice to the other.
The Consultant may terminate the Consultation Period at any time upon thirty (30) days' written notice.
This Agreement can be terminated at any time prior to the expiry of the Term, as follows: (a) by the Consultant electing to give the Company not less than 3 months prior notice of such termination;

(b) by the Company electing to give the Consultant 3 months prior notice of such termination along with a termination payment equal to the annual Consulting Fee;
Pretzel  Time  reserves  the right to  suspend  contributions/fees  and operations of the  Advertising  Fund for one or more  periods,  and the right to terminate the  Advertising  Fund, upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice to Franchisee.
Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time on prior written notice to the other.
Either party may terminate this Agreement without cause at any time effective upon thirty (30) days' written notice.
Upon Diplomat giving Tadeo at least sixty (60) days advance written notice of termination of this Agreement.
Subject to the Wind-Down Budget and payment of Expenses, Agent shall use the E-Party Platform in connection with the GOB Sale to fulfill customer orders made during the GOB Sale Term and otherwise promote the GOB Sale (in Agent's capacity as Agent hereunder), provided that Agent shall have the option, in its sole discretion, to terminate the use of the E-Party Platform at any time after four weeks of use.
Each of the Recipient and the Provider may, in their sole discretion, terminate this Agreement in whole or in part, at any time without cause, and without liability except, in the case of the Recipient, for required payment for services rendered and reimbursement for authorized expenses incurred, by providing at least 90 (ninety) days' prior written notice to the other party (such date, the "Services Termination Date").
In addition, either you or Nationwide may terminate this Agreement<omitted>for any reason on at least ninety (90) days written notice to the other party.
This Agreement may be terminated, either in respect of a Fund or in its entirety, by either Party or the Sub-Advisor for any reason upon 30 days' written notice to the other.
Client may terminate this Agreement on thirty (30) days written notice without cause.
At any time that there is no uncompleted Statement of Work outstanding, either party may terminate this Agreement for any or no reason upon fifteen (15) days advance notice to the other.
This Agreement may be terminated without the payment of any penalty by either party upon sixty (60) days' written notice to the other party.
The Company may in its discretion and at its option terminate this Agreement at any time after the Minimum Period upon five days prior written notice to Maimon.
This Agreement shall terminate (a) at the option of any party, upon 90 days' advance written notice to the other parties hereto;
This Agreement may be terminated by (a) the written agreement of the Parties or (b) by either Party upon 5 days written notice to the other Party.
The Appointment may be terminated by either party giving the other at least 12 months' notice in writing.
15.2 The Company may in its sole and absolute discretion (whether or not any notice of termination has been given under sub clause 15.1) terminate this Agreement at any time and with immediate effect by giving notice in writing to the Party that the Company is exercising its rights pursuant to this clause 15.
The Company reserves the right in its sole and absolute discretion to give written notice to<omitted>terminate your employment forthwith and to make a payment to you in lieu of salary and the benefits set out in paragraph 5 of this Agreement for all or any unexpired part of the notice period.
Without prejudice to the Company's right to summarily terminate your employment in accordance with paragraph 11.3 below and your right to summarily terminate your employment for Good Reason in accordance with paragraph 11.4 below, either you or the Company may terminate your employment by giving to the other not less than six months' notice in writing.
This Agreement may be terminated by Company at any time upon written notice to Party.
Party may terminate this Agreement at any time upon ninety (90) days' written notice to Company.
The Party may, in its sole and absolute discretion, terminate the Party's employment under this Agreement at any time and with immediate effect by notifying the Party that the Party is exercising its right under this clause 17 and that it will make a payment in l ieu of  not ice ("PILON") to the Party.
This Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, with respect to any series or the Party, by the Party of Partyees of the Party, or by the Sponsor, in each case on not less than 60 days' written notice to the other party.
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 1 hereof, the Sponsor shall have the right at any time prior to  December 31, 2010 to terminate this Agreement by giving written notice of such termination to Party.
Party may terminate this Agreement prior to its expiration for cause upon prior written notice to SERVICERS as follows:<omitted>(j)   At any time upon one hundred eighty (180) days prior written notice to the SERVICERS with no penalty.
SERVICERS may terminate this Agreement prior to its expiration for cause upon prior written notice to Party as follows:<omitted>(k)   Upon the termination of the Service Agreement for any reason with one hundred eighty (180) days prior written notice to Party;
The Company or the Contractor may terminate this Agreement at any time in whole or in part as more  specifically provided below, and in such case, the Contractor will be paid fees incurred up to the date of such termination plus its expenses  accrued as of such date within 30 days of such termination.
The Contractor will have the ability to terminate this Agreement by giving 90 days' prior written notice to the  Company.
The Company will have the ability to terminate this Agreement by giving 60 days' prior  written notice to the Contractor.
Either party hereto may terminate this Agreement after the Initial Period upon at least six (6) months' prior written notice to the other party thereof.
The Company may terminate this Agreement in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence but with less than six (6) months' prior written notice to Contractor; provided, that in such event, the Company shall pay Contractor an amount equal to the Termination Fee.
Party may terminate the whole or any part of this agreement for convenience at any time by giving the Party at least 6 months prior written notice.
The Party may terminate the whole or any part of this agreement for convenience at any time by giving Party at least 6 months prior written notice.
Notwithstanding the aforesaid in Section 16.1. and any possible           implication to the contrary herein or as a result of the course of           conduct of the parties, Contractor shall be entitled, at its sole           discretion, to terminate this Agreement only during the Extended Term,           with or without cause, upon a prior written notice of termination to           PartyE of not less than six (6) months.
Notwithstanding the aforesaid in Section 16.1. and any possible           implication to the contrary herein or as a result of the course of           conduct of the parties, Party be entitled, at its sole discretion,           to terminate this Agreement, in whole or in part, at any time during           the Initial Term or the Extended Term, with or without cause, upon a           prior written notice of termination to Contractor of not less than           forty-five (45) Days.
M&I may, at any time, withdraw any of the Services (other than the Core Services) upon providing ninety (90) days' prior written notice to Customer.
Customer may terminate this Agreement during the Term upon at least one (1) years' written notice to M&I, provided that Customer pays M&I an early termination fee ("Termination for Convenience Fee") in an amount equal to REDACTED of the Estimated Remaining Value.
Except as may be provided in any Schedule, Party may, at any time, withdraw any of the Services upon providing ninety (90) days' prior written notice to Customer, provided that Party is withdrawing the Service(s) from its entire client base.
Customer may elect to terminate this Agreement for any reason upon six months written notice to Party, provided Customer shall pay Party the "Termination Fee" defined and computed in accordance with the table below.
Party may terminate this agreement without cause by giving sixty (60) days written notice to Party.
Either party may terminate this Agreement by providing [*] month's written       notice to the other.
This Agreement may be terminated by Party by written notice to Party (i) at any time upon six (6) months prior written notice, (ii) on six (6) months prior notice following the sale of WMBD-TV by Party and/or (iii) if Party is not then in material default or breach hereof and if the Party is in material breach of its representations or its material obligations hereunder, and has failed to cure such breach within thirty (30) days of notice from Party; provided, no notice may be given pursuant to clause (i) of this section prior to the eighteen (18) month anniversary of the Effective Date.
This Agreement may be terminated by Party by written notice to Party (i) any time upon six (6) months prior notice, (ii) on six (6) months prior notice following the sale of Party-TV by Party, and/or (iii) if Party is not then in material default or breach hereof, and Party is in material breach of its representations or its material obligations hereunder, and has failed to cure such breach within thirty (30) days of written notice from Party; provided, no notice may be given pursuant to clause (i) of this section prior to the eighteen (18) month anniversary of the Effective Date.
Either party may terminate this Agreement without cause upon sixty (60) days prior written notice to the other party.
Either party may terminate the Agreement on 60-days written notice during a      renewed term.
The Reseller Agreement can be terminated at any time at the discretion of either party.
Early termination fee: subject to not being in breach of any of its obligation under the Agreement, the Company may terminate this Agreement for convenience by way of Notice of termination; the Agreement shall be then terminated following a [*****] period as from<omitted>the receipt of such Notice by the Repairer or any other lesser period to be granted by the Repairer.
Party may terminate Party for convenience at any time in accordance with the Section entitled "Termination" of the Agreement.
Party may terminate this Agreement, an Order and/or any Customization Schedule(s) for its convenience, without cause, at any time without further charge or expense upon at least forty-five (45) calendar days prior written notice to Supplier.
In addition to the rights of Party set forth in this Section, (a) If Party terminates any Product License Schedule for material default by Supplier prior to the Acceptance Date of the Software, Party shall be entitled to a full refund, within thirty (30) calendar days after notice of termination, of all license fees, Maintenance Fees and other fees paid<omitted>hereunder; and (b) Party may terminate Maintenance Services under any Product License Schedule or Order for convenience at any time, and Party shall then have no obligation to pay any additional Maintenance Fees, other than for Maintenance Services performed through the date of termination.
Party may terminate this Agreement by no less than 24 (twenty four) months notice given in writing by Party to Party, or such greater period as may be reasonable for Party to establish an alternative source of manufacture of Bromelain SP and/or to acquire sufficient inventory of Bromelain SP for a 24 (twenty four) months period.
Party may terminate this Agreement at any time, by 6 (six) months prior notice in writing.
Customer, in its sole discretion, may terminate this Agreement, without cause, by providing six (6) months prior written notice to Party
Either Party may terminate this Agreement at any time prior to delivery of the Product.
Party may terminate this Agreement or a particular Module upon ninety (90) days written notice to Miltenyi: 1) if Party, in its sole and absolute discretion, discontinues or indefinitely suspends the development and/or commercialization of the Party Product(s) or 2) without cause for any reason or no reason.
Either Party may terminate this Agreement, without cause, by giving two         (2) years written notice.
If Party is in compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and Partyper decides to terminate this Agreement after the Effective Date but prior to the commencement of transportation service on the Pipeline, Partyper shall notify Party of its decision to terminate within one hundred and eighty (180) days of the Project's in-service date to allow Party the opportunity to provide Partyper's unwanted capacity to other interested shippers as Unsubscribed Capacity as set forth in Section 3.8.
Party B shall have the right to terminate this Agreement in advance without the prior written consent from Party A, bysending a written notice to Party A but Party A may not terminate or rescind this Agreement;
In the case of a written notice 15 days in advance from either party to the other Party And a payment of the liquidated damages of RMB10,000 (RMB TEN THOUSAND), this Agreement shall terminate as of the date of termination stated in the notice of termination.
Party A is entitled to unilaterally terminate this Agreement within three natural months from the signing date of this Agreement.
With respect to Partytofluidic Machines (including related Hardware and Software), Consumables and Services for which Party has placed a Purchase Order pursuant to this Agreement, the Parties agree to the BLI Terms and Conditions that apply with respect to Partytofluidic Machines (including related Hardware and Software), Consumables and Services, unless, notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the BLI Terms and Conditions (including any language regarding the treatment of additional or different terms set forth therein), a term in such BLI Terms and Conditions is inconsistent with a term in this Agreement, in which case this Agreement shall control, including as follows:<omitted>4.1.9 Party may elect, at any time in its sole discretion, to terminate the Software License Agreement that comprises part of the BLI Terms and Conditions and, upon such termination, Party's right to use such underlying Software shall term
This Agreement may also be terminated by either party upon ninety (90) days written notice.
Any Participant will have the right to voluntarily withdraw from the Joint Venture at any time
Written notice of intention to withdraw must be served in writing upon the remaining Participants at least Thirty (30) business days prior to the withdrawal date.
provided that (a) either party may terminate this Agreement,      effective at any time after the first three

       months of the Term, by giving 30 days' written notice of termination to the      other party,
This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time by Parent, in its sole and absolute discretion, without the approval or consent of<omitted>any other Person, including Party.
With regard to the Molecular Information Platform Program, Party shall have the right to terminate without cause either or both of the Sample Profiling or Molecular Information Database Access activities individually.
With regard to the CDx Development Program, Party shall also have the right to terminate, without cause, the development of an Approved Marker and/or an Investigational Marker for inclusion in a CDx Assay, upon […***…] prior written notice; provided however that this right shall expire with respect to each Approved Marker for inclusion in a particular CDx Assay at such time as Party has completed analytical validation for such Approved Marker.
Roche shall have the right to terminate the Agreement in its entirety, or on a Work Stream-by-Work Stream basis, except for the ctDNA Work Stream, upon […***…] prior written notice, without cause.
At any time during a renewed term, this Agreement may be terminated by any party on six (6) months prior notice that it wishes to terminate the Agreement.
PartyGOUS may, at any time after the third anniversary of the Effective Date, terminate this Agreement with or without cause upon not less than one hundred and eighty (180) days prior written notice to Party.
If any of the conditions  specified in Section 8 shall not have been  fulfilled when and as required by this  Agreement,  or by the Closing Date,  or waived in writing  by Capital  Resources,  this  Agreement  and all of Party  obligations hereunder may be canceled by Party by notifying the Party of such  cancellation in writing or by telegram at any time at or prior to the  Closing  Date,  and,  any  such  cancellation  shall be without  Liability of any party to any other party except as otherwise  provided in Sections 2, 7, 9 and 10 hereof.
If Party elects to terminate this Agreement as provided in this section,  the Party and the Party  shall be notified as provided in Section 13 hereof,  promptly by Capital  Resources  by  telephone or telegram, confirmed by letter.
Party may terminate  this Agreement by giving the notice indicated below in this Section at any time after this Agreement becomes effective as follows:
In the event the  Company  fails to sell all of the Shares within the period  specified,  and in accordance with the provisions of the Plan or as required by the Conversion  Regulations and applicable law, this Agreement shall terminate upon refund by the Party to each person who has subscribed for or ordered any of the Shares the full amount which it may have received from such person, together with interest as provided in the Offering Prospectus,  and no party to this  Agreement  shall have any  obligation to the other  hereunder, except  for  payment  by the  Party  and/or  the  Company  as set forth in Sections 2, 7, 9 and 10 hereof.
So long as no default exists and is continuing hereunder or under the Lease, either party may terminate this Agreement at any time upon ____________ (______30________) days written notice to the other party; provided however that such termination shall not act as a termination of any Equipment leased hereunder.
Either party may, at its option, terminate this Agreement       without cause, effective at any time after January 31, 1999, upon giving       at least ninety (90) days prior written notice of such termination to the       other party.
Until the Settlement Date, this Agreement may be terminated by the Agent by giving notice (in the manner prescribed by Section 9 hereof) to the Company, if (i) the Company shall have failed, refused or been unable, at or prior to the Settlement Date, to perform any agreement on its part to be performed hereunder unless the failure to perform any agreement is due to the default or omission by the Agent; (ii) any other condition of the obligations of the Agent hereunder is not fulfilled; (iii) trading in securities generally on the Party, Party MKT, or Partydaq shall have been suspended or minimum or maximum prices shall have been established on either of such exchanges or such market by the Party or by such exchange or other regulatory body or governmental authority having jurisdiction; (iv) trading or quotation in any of the Company's securities shall have been suspended or materially limited by the Party or by the Party MKT, Party or Partydaq or other regulatory body of governmental authority having jurisdiction; (v) a general banking moratorium has been declared by Party or Location authorities; (vi) a material disruption in securities settlement, payment or clearance services in the Location shall have occurred; (vii) there shall have been any material adverse change in general economic, political or financial conditions in the Location or in international conditions on the financial markets in the Location, in each case, the effect of which is such as to make it, in the Agent's reasonable judgment, inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the Securities; or (viii) any attack on, outbreak or escalation of hostilities, declaration of war or act of terrorism involving the Location or any other national or international calamity or emergency has occurred if, in the Agent's reasonable judgment, the effect of any such attack, outbreak, escalation, declaration, act, calamity or emergency makes it impractical or inadvisable to proceed with the completion of the placement or the delivery of the Securities.
Notwithstanding Section 7.1 above, this Agreement may be terminated upon the occurrence of any of the following events:<omitted>(d) By either party hereto upon sixty (60) days prior written notice to the other party hereto;
In addition, in order to accommodate the review and approval of this Agreement by the Party (the "Party"), for a period of *** (***) days following the Effective Date (the "Limited Unilateral Termination Period"), Party will have the right to terminate this Agreement without cause upon ten (10) days' notice to Adaptimmune; provided, however, that (i) a termination by Party will be effective if notice of termination is sent by Party any time within the Limited Unilateral Termination Period even if the ten day notice period extends beyond the Limited Unilateral Termination Period and (ii) the Limited Unilateral Termination Period will expire on the earlier to occur of (x) the end of the sixty days, or (y) written notice to Adaptimmune from Party that the Agreement has been approved by the Party.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall be earlier terminated (x) by mutual agreement of the parties, or (y) at any time upon sixty (60) days advance written notice to the other party.
After the Initial Term, this Agreement shall continue on a month to month basis until terminated by either party upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other setting forth the effective date of such termination.
Both parties may terminate this Agreement upon ninety ("90") days written notice to the other party at the address stated in this Agreement as per section 3 above.
This Agreement may also be terminated by either party upon ninety (90) days written notice.
Subject to the provisions of 11.1, Party may terminate this Agreement upon three (3) months written notice  to Party of such termination.
This Agreement is effective on the Effective Date and shah continue in effect until the earlier of (a) the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date, and (b) termination by either Party for any reason upon thirty (30) days' written notice to the other Party; provided, however, that no Party shall be able to terminate this Agreement so long as such Party is a Defaulting Party under this Agreement.
Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time with 30 days written notice.
Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time with 30 days written notice.
Either party may terminate this agreement at any time with 30 days written notice.
This Agreement may be terminated by either the PartyHL Partyarties, on the one hand, or Party, on the other,  with respect to Certificates that have not been issued as of the effective date of termination in the following manner:<omitted>By any of the PartyHL Partyarties, on the one hand, or Party, on the other, providing one hundred and twenty  (120) days prior written notice to the other Partyarties.
Termination for Convenience. [***].
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Initial Term") will be ten (10) years from the Effective Date, provided that at any time following the 7th anniversary of such date, either party may terminate such strategic alliance upon not less than 60 days' prior written notice to the other party.
provided that at any time following the 7th anniversary of such date, either party may terminate such strategic alliance upon not less than 60 days' prior written notice to the other party.
If the Party determines for any reason not to proceed with any proposed registration requested pursuant to Section 6.1, the Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing.
Either party may terminate this Agreement, without cause, upon ninety (90) days prior written notice to the other party, provided, however, that all outstanding Work Orders shall continue to be governed by the terms and conditions hereof.
This Agreement may be terminated by Party, without cause, upon at least thirty (30) days written notice to Party.
Both parties shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time, for any or for no reason, upon one hundred twenty (120) days written notice to the other party.
Subject to Section 18.7.2, Party may terminate this Agreement upon six (6) months notice to Party for any reason or no reason.
The Parties may terminate its performance of related obligations under this Agreement within thirty (30) days of receipt by the Party of written termination notice.
Notwithstanding Article 9.3., [Party/Party] will have the right to terminate this Agreement including the Program at any time with  [three (3)] months' prior written notice.
During the term of this Agreement, Party A may terminate this Agreement at any time with a written notice to Party B 30 days before such termination.
This Agreement may be terminated subject to the following clauses:

  1.1.1. By either Vendor or Distributor, upon written notice of termination of this Agreement no later than ninety (90) calendar days prior to the expiration of the relevant Term, then in effect;
Partyath or Distributor may terminate this Agreement for any reason with thirty days written notice.
Upon the occurrence of any of the following, Party may      terminate the Term by giving Distributor written notice of such termination      for:<omitted>Party giving Distributor ninety (90) days' advance written notice of      termination at any time after the expiration of the Initial Term.
Upon the occurrence of any of the following,      Distributor may terminate the Term by giving PartyT written notice of such      termination;<omitted>for convenience whether or not extended beyond the Initial Term, provided      Distributor gives PartyT thirty (30) days' advance written notice and, within      such thirty (30) day period, Distributor pays to PartyT a lump-sum payment      equal to fifty (50%) of the unpaid balance of cumulative Guaranteed Minimum      Purchase amounts.
Either party may terminate this agreement by providing Ninety days Written Notice.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years from the date first set forth above and shall thereafter automatically renew for additional two (2) year terms unless a party provides the other party with notice of non-renewal no less than 6 months prior to the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term unless earlier terminated as follows:<omitted>13.1.3 By either party for any reason by providing six (6) months prior written notice expressly terminating this Agreement.
except as  specifically  described  elsewhere  in this  agreement,      either Party or Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement with      30 days written notice from the other party, for any reason whatsoever.
Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until terminated by either Party upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice.
This contract shall be for a term of one year commencing on the date first above written; thereafter, it shall automatically continue until terminated by either party upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party.
In the event that the Company desires to terminate the Agreement prior to the Termination Date, it shall provide Party with at least 60 days prior written notice of its intention to terminate this Agreement and this Agreement shall so terminate following the expiration of this 60-day period, without any further responsibility by either Party except as provided in Section 5.
Commencing on the later of (i) [ * ] of the First Commercial Sale of the Binimetinib Product in the Party Territory, or (ii) [ * ] of the First Commercial Sale of the Encorafenib Product in the Party Territory, Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement, for any reasons by giving [ * ] advance written notice to Party which shall be accompanied by the rationale for such termination.
Party may terminate this Agreement in its entirety, for any reason, by providing at least sixty (60) days prior written notice to Party.
We will have the right to terminate the Party by giving you thirty (30) days' advance written notice.
Customer may terminate this Agreement (including all Service Option Attachments) or any Service Option Attachment (with the exception of any Service Option Attachment that is a prerequisite for the provision of Services under a non-terminated Service Option Attachment) for convenience at the end of any calendar month by:

a.    providing at least one month's prior written notice to Party; and

b.    paying the applicable early termination charges, if any, specified in       Attachment A and applicable Service Option Attachments.
If Customer disagrees with any such changes, Customer may in its sole discretion terminate this Agreement (or some or all of the affected Service Option Attachments) without the payment of termination charges upon notice to Party at least thirty (30) days prior to the effective date of the applicable change.
Party may terminate this Agreement at any time without cause upon [*] ([*]) days prior written notice.
This Agreement or any Project Plan may be terminated:

(a) by Party for any reason upon [***] written notice to Bachem;
Either Party may terminate this Agreement hereunder for any reason at its convenience upon one hundred eighty (180) days prior written notice.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3 of this Agreement, shall  continue until the twentieth (20th) anniversary of the Effective Date; provided, however, (i) Operator shall have the right to terminate this  Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Owner, if Operator provides a substitute operator acceptable to Owner,  as determined in its reasonable discretion, who (A) has experience operating similar assets, (B) has the ability to provide at least the same quality  of service as Operator, (C) has the financial ability to perform the obligations hereunder, and (D) is ready, willing and able to execute an operation  and maintenance agreement substantially similar to this Agreement and acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, and  (ii) Owner shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Operator.
Party shall have the absolute right        to terminate this Partygreement upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice        to the Party, which notice shall state the effective date of        termination (the "Termination Date"); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that Party agrees        not to terminate this Partygreement unless (a) Party significantly modifies        the corporate structure or ownership of the Party, or (b) Party sells        the Party to an acquirer (i) having a rating from at least one of S&P,        Party, Party.Party or a substitute agency, which is a nationally        recognized statistical rating organization, that is at least equal to        the lower of (x) Party's then-current rating from such agency or (y) the        Party's then-current rating as supported by this Partygreement from such        agency; or (ii) such that, immediately on the effective date of the sale        by Party of the Party, the Party's capitalization is consistent with        the minimum capital adequacy standards and criteria of at least one of        S&P, Party, Party.Party or a substitute agency, which is a nationally        recognized statistical rating organization, for a rating that is equal        to or better than the Party's then-current rating on the date        immediately preceding such sale.
Party may terminate this Agreement at any time upon ninety (90) calendar days written notice to Garman.
Following expiry of the initial period described in Clause 15 above, Party or Party giving not less than six months notice in  writing may terminate this Agreement.
However, any Party          may terminate  its  participation  in this  Agreement at the end of the          Initial Period or at any time  thereafter by giving at least one year's          prior notice,  in writing,  to the other  remaining  Parties.
Party may terminate this Agreement upon ninety (90) days written notice.
However, any Party may terminate its participation in this Agreement at the end of the Initial Period or any time thereafter by giving not less than one (1) year's prior notice thereof, in writing, to the other Parties.
This AGREEMENT and the licence granted hereunder shall terminate should any   of the following events occur:   6. 2. 1.        30 (thirty) days after Party gives SAP AFRICA written notice of   Party's wish to terminate this AGREEMENT for any reason. Any such   termination shall be subject to accrued rights and obligations but only after   payment of all Licence and Maintenance Fees then due and owing;
The Party may be terminated by Party in writing at   any time upon 3 (three) months prior written notice.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may terminate this Agreement at any time without liability by providing one hundred eighty (180) days written notice to the other party.
Owner may terminate this Agreement at any time upon the occurrence of any of the following:<omitted>(e) Without cause on no less than seven (7) days prior written notice.
The Engagement Letter shall provide that the Bank may terminate its engagement at any time upon not less than 45 days' prior written notice to the other Parties.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this PartyMA may be terminated with or without cause at any time after the Effective Date and without liability or continuing obligation by any of the Parties hereto (i) by mutual written agreement of all of the Parties; and (ii) in writing by the Trust Advisors in their sole discretion.
Party may terminate this Agreement for convenience at any time upon [**] ([**]) days prior, written notice to Party.
At any time between the Agreement Date and July 1, 2015, Party shall have the right, exercisable upon sixty (60) days prior written  notice to Party, to terminate the Lease Term and sell the Transferred Equipment back to Party, subject to payment by Party to Party within  five (5) days of such notice of $[**] in cash, which if exercised shall result in (i) an offset against the unpaid balance of principal and  interest under the Promissory Note pursuant to Section 3.20(f) below; and (ii) the termination of the Step-in Right described in  Section 17.5.
At any time after July 1, 2015, Party shall have the right, exercisable upon sixty (60) days prior written notice to Party, to terminate the Lease Term and repurchase the Transferred Equipment from Party, subject to payment by Party to Party within five (5) days of such  notice of any principal paid by Party under the Promissory Note, which if exercised shall result in the termination of the Step-in Right  set forth in Section 17.5.
Any Party hereto may terminate this Agreement at any time upon prior written notice.
Either party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time for any reason.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force and effect until one (1) year subsequent to the Effective Date, provided however, that Tickets may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon thirty (30) days' notice to Party at any time prior to the expiration of sixty (60) days subsequent to the Effective Date.
Party may terminate this Agreement for convenience by giving at least thirty (30) days written notice of termination to Party.
After the first year and upon 180 days written notice, Reseller may terminate the Party.
This Agreement shall continue in force for a term           of twelve (12) months from the Effective Date, unless terminated           earlier under the provisions of this Article 8 (the "Term"); PROVIDED           that Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any           time after the Effective Date upon not less than fifteen (15) days'           prior written notice to Reseller.
Party may terminate this Agreement by providing written notice to the Party where: (a) [***] following the Effective Date of this Supply Agreement, Party may terminate this Agreement without cause by providing Party with [***] prior written notice.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Supply Agreement, this Supply Agreement may be terminated:

10.2.1 in its entirety or with respect to one or more Products, on a Product-by-Product basis, by mutual written consent of Party and PartyVax;





10.2.2 in its entirety by a Party if the other Party materially breaches any of the material terms, conditions or agreements contained in this Supply Agreement to be kept, observed or performed by the other Party, by giving the Party who committed the breach [***] days' prior written notice, unless the notified Party shall have cured the breach within such [***]-day period; and

10.2.3 in its entirety or with respect to one or more Products, on a Product-by-Product basis, by PartyVax upon [***] days' prior written notice to Party for any reason.
Following the Initial Term, Party may, without penalty or prejudice to any other rights or remedies Party may have, in its sole discretion terminate or reduce the scope of any individual activities contemplated by this Agreement or any Additional Service or with respect to any Product or terminate this Agreement as a whole with or without cause, upon [***] prior written notice of such termination or reduction (which such written notice may be provided during the Initial Term).
Party may terminate this Agreement by giving 60 days written notice to             the Owner and the Licensee.
The Licensee may terminate this Agreement at any time by giving             written notice to the Owner and Party.
This Agreement may be terminated at any time without cause by either party upon ninety (90) days written notice to the other party.
This Agreement may be canceled at any time without cause, by either party upon ninety (90) days written notice to the other party.
Either Party may terminate this Agreement for any reason following the Initial Term upon ninety (90) days written notice to the other Party.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Rogers may terminate this Agreement, at any time, upon sixty (60) days' prior written notice to Licensor.
ETON has the right to terminate this Agreement after approval of the Dossier or marketing application for the Product (or added new product), at its sole discretion, upon providing one hundred eighty (180) days' written notice to Aucta.
Accordingly, either Party may terminate this Agreement or all/part of a Project for any reason and at any time upon giving the other Party sixty (60) days prior written notice.
This Agreement may be terminated by either party for any reason or no reason, whether or not extended beyond the initial term, by giving the other party written notice ninety (90) days in advance.
Company at its sole discretion may at any time alter or cease providing the Customer Service which it has agreed to provide to Client relating to Client Website pursuant to this Agreement without any liability to Company.
The Agreement may be terminated by both Parties with a notification period of *** before the end of the Initial Term of the Agreement.
Regardless of the term, Licensee can terminate Agreement with at least one hundred eighty (180) days written notice with no further obligation.
Customer may terminate this Agreement, or any portion of Services specified herein, for convenience by: providing at least sixty (60) days prior written notice to IBM; and paying the applicable early termination charges specified in Attachment C.
This Agreement may be terminated by Nuance at any time, in its sole discretion, prior to the Distribution; provided, however, that this Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the termination of the Separation Agreement in accordance with its terms.
This Agreement may be terminated by Honeywell at any time, in its sole discretion, prior to the Distribution; provided, however, that this Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the termination of the Separation Agreement in accordance with its terms.
Either Party may terminate the Project and all commitments and obligations with respect thereto, subject to Section 8.3 herein, upon thirty (30) days written notice to the other Party.
This Agreement may be terminated by ArTara upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to University.
Vyera shall have the right to terminate this Agreement in its entirety:<omitted>(c) at any time following the second (2nd) anniversary of the First Commercial Sale of the Licensed Product, for any reason or no reason, upon one hundred eighty (180) days' written notice to CytoDyn.
Company may terminate this Agreement and the license granted herein, for any reason, upon giving JHU sixty (60) days written notice under Paragraph 8.1.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated in this Agreement, either party may terminate this Agreement at any time without cause by giving to the other party, not less than four (4) months written notice.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the 60th day following a written notice from one party to the other of its decision to terminate this Agreement at the end of such 60-day period or upon termination of the applicable Distribution Agreement with respect to a Fund.
The Agreement rests, for all that, cancellable at any time by any of the parties before the expiry date of the Agreement or any of itsrenewals, upon three months prior written notice.
Customer shall have the right to terminate any Scope of Work and corresponding Purchase Order for Services at any time on reasonable advance written notice to Supplier (without terminating this Agreement), in which case Customer shall be responsible for: [* * *]
After the date that is eighteen (18) months after the Effective Date, either Party may terminate this Agreement upon six (6) months prior written notice to the other Party.
Either Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement before the end of the Term for its convenience upon [***] written notice to the other Party (and any such termination shall become effective at the end of such [***]); [***].
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, MMT may at any time terminate this Agreement on country-by-country basis, or in its entirety, upon [***] months' prior written notice to SIGA.
Either Party may terminate this agreement for non-cause with a sixty (60) written notice.
Following the Initial Term, either Party may terminate this Agreement without cause upon written notice to the other Party of at least 3 months.
In addition, CHT may terminate this Agreement and the rights granted hereunder, in whole or in part, and without prejudice to enforcement of any other legal right or remedy (including any express termination right set forth elsewhere in this Agreement), at any time without cause, by providing at least thirty (30) Business Days prior written notice to Ehave, but subject to payment of a termination fee equal to an amount set out in Schedule 6.
Except as agreed by the Parties in writing or as otherwise stated in the Exhibits, Company may terminate for convenience any Transition Service, and RGHI may terminate for convenience any Reverse Transition Service, upon 30 days' prior written notice of such termination; provided, (a) that, with respect to the Services described in Section G1 of Exhibit A, unless otherwise indicated therein, those Services may not be terminated independently except in accordance with an agreed Migration Plan and, (b) any unamortized costs associated with Provider's purchase of any license or other costs incurred specifically for the purpose of providing the Services hereunder will be passed through to the Terminating Party.
Each Party may also terminate the Agreement for convenience after Contract Year 2<omitted>by providing written notice to the other Party at least sixty (60) calendar days prior to the effective date of such termination
Either Party may terminate this Agreement by giving the other Party thirty (30) days' prior written notice.
Licensor reserves the right to terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice for any reason, including if the usage of the Brand is not in compliance with the standards and policies.
This Agreement shall be terminable (a) by the Licensor<omitted>(ii) upon sixty (60) days' written notice by the Licensor to the Licensee or (b) by the Licensee<omitted>(ii) upon sixty (60) days' written notice by the Licensee to the Licensor.
This Agreement shall be terminable<omitted>by Licensor or Licensee upon sixty (60) days' written notice to the other party;
eBix may terminate this Agreement, [**] upon [**] to About; provided, however, that the termination is no earlier than [**] of the Effective Date of this Agreement.
Either party wishing to terminate the Agreement must give written notice to the other party at least thirty (30) days prior to the desired date of termination.
SpinRecords.com may terminate this Agreement for no reason or for any reason upon sixty (60) days prior written notice to NETTAXI.
NETTAXI may terminate this Agreement at any time for<omitted>its convenience, for no reason or for any reason, upon sixty (60) days prior written notice to SpinRecords.com.
Chase may revoke Affiliate's license at any time.
Either Affiliate or Chase may terminate this Agreement at any time, with or without cause, by giving the other party written or e-mail notice of termination.
Axiometric will have the right to terminate the license to use the office space and to move out of the office space at any time upon two weeks notice.
Either party may cancel this Agreement at any time, with or without supplying a reason, through written notification or by making suitable settings in the respective Control Panel.
The Software Publisher and element 5 are authorized to revoke the license granted to the Affiliate at any time by written notice.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until either Party informs the other Party with thirty (30) day prior written notice of termination of this Agreement.
Network retains the right at all times during the Term to discontinue its distribution of the Service in its entirety and to terminate this Agreement and all other affiliates' agreements on at least ninety (90) days' prior notice without any liability therefor to Affiliate, other than amounts payable hereunder which accrued prior to such termination, including amounts payable pursuant to Section 6(b) and Exhibit D.
Theismann shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon thirty (30) days' written notice to Bizzingo, such termination to become effective at the conclusion of such 30-day period.
This Agreement may be terminated at any time while the Employee is living by written notice thereof by either the Employer or the Employee to the other; and, in any event, this Agreement will terminate upon termination of the Employee's employment.
Aimmune may terminate this Agreement in its entirety at any time for its convenience upon sixty (60) days' prior written notice to Xencor.
Without limitation of its rights under this ARTICLE 13, Xencor may also terminate this Agreement in its entirety as applicable, pursuant to the provisions of Section 9.7.
Client has the unilateral right to cancel this agreement at any time within a 7-day notice period.
Licensee may terminate this Agreement for convenience upon eighteen (18) months' advance written notice to Bioeq; provided, however, that any such termination for convenience shall not become effective prior to twelve (12) months after the First Commercial Sale of the first Licensed Product.
This Agreement shall terminate immediately upon El Pollo Loco's receipt of Developer's notice to terminate.
Franchisor may terminate or modify any rights that Developer may have with respect to protected exclusive rights in the Territory, as granted under Section 1.1 above, effective ten (10) days after delivery of written notice thereof to Developer.
EHS or EHN, on the one hand, and Dr. Murray, on the other, may terminate any Services Term of this Agreement by delivering 60 days written notice to the other party.
AbbVie may terminate this Agreement in its entirety, or on a country or other jurisdiction -by-country or other jurisdiction basis, for any or no reason, upon ninety (90) days' prior written notice to Harpoon.
Either party may terminate this Agreement prior to expiration of the Term: (i) upon thirty (30) days prior written notice, or (ii) immediately upon written notice to the other party if: (a) the other party declares or a petition is filed in any court for insolvency or bankruptcy and such petition is not dismissed in thirty (30) days; (b) the other party reorganizes under the relevant bankruptcy act or any similar statute in such party's jurisdiction of incorporation; (c) the other party consents to the appointment of a trustee in bankruptcy or a receiver or similar entity; or (d) the Developer breaches DSS's Technology or Intellectual Property rights contained herein.
Either Party may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon providing 180 days prior written notice to the other Party prior to the expiration of the then-current term or unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
Sanofi may terminate this Agreement (A) in its entirety by providing [***] written notice of termination to RevMed or (B) on a country-by-country or Product-by-Product basis by providing [***] written notice of termination to RevMed; provided that if Sanofi desires to terminate this Agreement under this Section 12.2(a)(i)B only with respect to the U.S. (for all Products or one or more Products), Sanofi shall provide [***] written notice of termination to RevMed.
Sekisui may terminate this Agreement upon prior written notice<omitted>at any other time upon ninety (90) days' prior written notice of impending termination.
Developer may also terminate this Agreement by giving two (2) weeks' notice in writing to VAL.
COMPANY may, in its unfettered discretion, terminate this Agreement at any time after first givingCONTENT PROVIDER ten (10) days advance notice thereof.
XFN may terminate this Agreement by giving thirty (30) days written notice to the CEIS.
This Agreement shall be in effect until March 18. 2021, unless sooner terminated by either party upon (30) days written notice, without cause.
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3 above, either party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement, without cause, upon no less than ninety (90) days' prior written notice to the other party.
"Distribution Term" means the period commencing on the first Regulatory Approval of the Product in the Territory and continuing until [***], or if this Agreement is terminated earlier pursuant to Article 12, the effective date of such termination.<omitted>At any time following the expiration of the Distribution Term (as defined in Section 1.17), the Distributor may terminate this Agreement at will upon [***] prior written notice to Zogenix.
We may terminate your right to provide products and services to a Major Account customer at any time by giving you at least 30 days' prior written notice, and you may terminate your right to provide products and services to a Major Account at any time by giving us at least 30 days' prior written notice.
Either party may terminate this Agreement, without cause, by giving the other party [*****] days prior written notice.
Customer may terminate this Agreement and the license at any time by destroying all copies of Software including any Documentation.
Either Party may terminate this Agreement at any time during the term of this Agreement for any reason upon two weeks written notice to the other Party.
The Consultant may voluntarily terminate the Consultant's engagement with the Company at any time by giving the Company 120 days prior written Notice of the termination.
The Company may terminate Consultant's engagement at any time by giving Consultant 60 days prior written Notice of the termination.
Either Consultant or Company may terminate this Agreement upon prior written notice thereof to the other party.
The Contractor may terminate this Agreement and his or her engagement for any reason at any time upon providing 30 days advance notice in writing to Emerald. Termination will be effective, at Emeralds' election, on a date which is no earlier than the date such notice is received and no later than the date which is 30 days following that date.
The Company may terminate this Agreement and the engagement of the Contractor without Cause at any time on 30 days prior written notice.
This Agreement shall terminate immediately upon the occurrence of any of the following events:<omitted>(c) ninety (90) days following the date the Company gives CONSULTANT written notice of termination for any or no reason; or (d) CONSULTANT may terminate this Agreement by giving ninety (90) days' written notice to REIT.
Either Party may terminate this Agreement, with or without cause, upon giving the other party thirty (30) days prior written notice of such termination pursuant to Section 12.7 of this Agreement.
Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time on prior written notice to the other.
The Consultant may terminate the Consultation Period at any time upon thirty (30) days' written notice.
This Agreement can be terminated at any time prior to the expiry of the Term, as follows: (a) by the Consultant electing to give the Company not less than 3 months prior notice of such termination; (b) by the Company electing to give the Consultant 3 months prior notice of such termination along with a termination payment equal to the annual Consulting Fee;
Pretzel Time reserves the right to suspend contributions/fees and operations of the Advertising Fund for one or more periods, and the right to terminate the Advertising Fund, upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice to Franchisee.
Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time on prior written notice to the other.
Either party may terminate this Agreement without cause at any time effective upon thirty (30) days' written notice.
Upon Diplomat giving Tadeo at least sixty (60) days advance written notice of termination of this Agreement.
Subject to the Wind-Down Budget and payment of Expenses, Agent shall use the E-Commerce Platform in connection with the GOB Sale to fulfill customer orders made during the GOB Sale Term and otherwise promote the GOB Sale (in Agent's capacity as Agent hereunder), provided that Agent shall have the option, in its sole discretion, to terminate the use of the E-Commerce Platform at any time after four weeks of use.
Each of the Recipient and the Provider may, in their sole discretion, terminate this Agreement in whole or in part, at any time without cause, and without liability except, in the case of the Recipient, for required payment for services rendered and reimbursement for authorized expenses incurred, by providing at least 90 (ninety) days' prior written notice to the other party (such date, the "Services Termination Date").
In addition, either you or Nationwide may terminate this Agreement<omitted>for any reason on at least ninety (90) days written notice to the other party.
This Agreement may be terminated, either in respect of a Fund or in its entirety, by either Oaktree US or the Sub-Advisor for any reason upon 30 days' written notice to the other.
Client may terminate this Agreement on thirty (30) days written notice without cause.
At any time that there is no uncompleted Statement of Work outstanding, either party may terminate this Agreement for any or no reason upon fifteen (15) days advance notice to the other.
This Agreement may be terminated without the payment of any penalty by either party upon sixty (60) days' written notice to the other party.
The Company may in its discretion and at its option terminate this Agreement at any time after the Minimum Period upon five days prior written notice to Maimon.
This Agreement shall terminate (a) at the option of any party, upon 90 days' advance written notice to the other parties hereto;
This Agreement may be terminated by (a) the written agreement of the Parties or (b) by either Party upon 5 days written notice to the other Party.
The Appointment may be terminated by either party giving the other at least 12 months' notice in writing.
15.2 The Company may in its sole and absolute discretion (whether or not any notice of termination has been given under sub clause 15.1) terminate this Agreement at any time and with immediate effect by giving notice in writing to the Executive that the Company is exercising its rights pursuant to this clause 15.
The Company reserves the right in its sole and absolute discretion to give written notice to<omitted>terminate your employment forthwith and to make a payment to you in lieu of salary and the benefits set out in paragraph 5 of this Agreement for all or any unexpired part of the notice period.
Without prejudice to the Company's right to summarily terminate your employment in accordance with paragraph 11.3 below and your right to summarily terminate your employment for Good Reason in accordance with paragraph 11.4 below, either you or the Company may terminate your employment by giving to the other not less than six months' notice in writing.
This Agreement may be terminated by Company at any time upon written notice to FIIOC.
FIIOC may terminate this Agreement at any time upon ninety (90) days' written notice to Company.
The Company may, in its sole and absolute discretion, terminate the Executive's employment under this Agreement at any time and with immediate effect by notifying the Executive that the Company is exercising its right under this clause 17 and that it will make a payment in l ieu of not ice ("PILON") to the Executive.
This Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, with respect to any series or the Trust, by the Board of Trustees of the Trust, or by the Sponsor, in each case on not less than 60 days' written notice to the other party.
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 1 hereof, the Sponsor shall have the right at any time prior to December 31, 2010 to terminate this Agreement by giving written notice of such termination to Racing.
ISO may terminate this Agreement prior to its expiration for cause upon prior written notice to SERVICERS as follows:<omitted>(j) At any time upon one hundred eighty (180) days prior written notice to the SERVICERS with no penalty.
SERVICERS may terminate this Agreement prior to its expiration for cause upon prior written notice to ISO as follows:<omitted>(k) Upon the termination of the Service Agreement for any reason with one hundred eighty (180) days prior written notice to ISO;
The Company or the Contractor may terminate this Agreement at any time in whole or in part as more specifically provided below, and in such case, the Contractor will be paid fees incurred up to the date of such termination plus its expenses accrued as of such date within 30 days of such termination.
The Contractor will have the ability to terminate this Agreement by giving 90 days' prior written notice to the Company.
The Company will have the ability to terminate this Agreement by giving 60 days' prior written notice to the Contractor.
Either party hereto may terminate this Agreement after the Initial Period upon at least six (6) months' prior written notice to the other party thereof.
The Company may terminate this Agreement in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence but with less than six (6) months' prior written notice to Contractor; provided, that in such event, the Company shall pay Contractor an amount equal to the Termination Fee.
Datec may terminate the whole or any part of this agreement for convenience at any time by giving the BSP at least 6 months prior written notice.
The BSP may terminate the whole or any part of this agreement for convenience at any time by giving Datec at least 6 months prior written notice.
Notwithstanding the aforesaid in Section 16.1. and any possible implication to the contrary herein or as a result of the course of conduct of the parties, Contractor shall be entitled, at its sole discretion, to terminate this Agreement only during the Extended Term, with or without cause, upon a prior written notice of termination to NICE of not less than six (6) months.
Notwithstanding the aforesaid in Section 16.1. and any possible implication to the contrary herein or as a result of the course of conduct of the parties, NICEshall be entitled, at its sole discretion, to terminate this Agreement, in whole or in part, at any time during the Initial Term or the Extended Term, with or without cause, upon a prior written notice of termination to Contractor of not less than forty-five (45) Days.
M&I may, at any time, withdraw any of the Services (other than the Core Services) upon providing ninety (90) days' prior written notice to Customer.
Customer may terminate this Agreement during the Term upon at least one (1) years' written notice to M&I, provided that Customer pays M&I an early termination fee ("Termination for Convenience Fee") in an amount equal to REDACTED of the Estimated Remaining Value.
Except as may be provided in any Schedule, Metavante may, at any time, withdraw any of the Services upon providing ninety (90) days' prior written notice to Customer, provided that Metavante is withdrawing the Service(s) from its entire client base.
Customer may elect to terminate this Agreement for any reason upon six months written notice to Metavante, provided Customer shall pay Metavante the "Termination Fee" defined and computed in accordance with the table below.
Dragon may terminate this agreement without cause by giving sixty (60) days written notice to MMI.
Either party may terminate this Agreement by providing [*] month's written notice to the other.
This Agreement may be terminated by WYZZ by written notice to Nexstar (i) at any time upon six (6) months prior written notice, (ii) on six (6) months prior notice following the sale of WMBD-TV by Nexstar and/or (iii) if WYZZ is not then in material default or breach hereof and if the Nexstar is in material breach of its representations or its material obligations hereunder, and has failed to cure such breach within thirty (30) days of notice from WYZZ; provided, no notice may be given pursuant to clause (i) of this section prior to the eighteen (18) month anniversary of the Effective Date.
This Agreement may be terminated by Nexstar by written notice to WYZZ (i) any time upon six (6) months prior notice, (ii) on six (6) months prior notice following the sale of WYZZ-TV by WYZZ, and/or (iii) if Nexstar is not then in material default or breach hereof, and WYZZ is in material breach of its representations or its material obligations hereunder, and has failed to cure such breach within thirty (30) days of written notice from Nexstar; provided, no notice may be given pursuant to clause (i) of this section prior to the eighteen (18) month anniversary of the Effective Date.
Either party may terminate this Agreement without cause upon sixty (60) days prior written notice to the other party.
Either party may terminate the Agreement on 60-days written notice during a renewed term.
The Reseller Agreement can be terminated at any time at the discretion of either party.
Early termination fee: subject to not being in breach of any of its obligation under the Agreement, the Company may terminate this Agreement for convenience by way of Notice of termination; the Agreement shall be then terminated following a [*****] period as from<omitted>the receipt of such Notice by the Repairer or any other lesser period to be granted by the Repairer.
Bank of America may terminate Maintenance Services for convenience at any time in accordance with the Section entitled "Termination" of the Agreement.
Bank of America may terminate this Agreement, an Order and/or any Customization Schedule(s) for its convenience, without cause, at any time without further charge or expense upon at least forty-five (45) calendar days prior written notice to Supplier.
In addition to the rights of Bank of America set forth in this Section, (a) If Bank of America terminates any Product License Schedule for material default by Supplier prior to the Acceptance Date of the Software, Bank of America shall be entitled to a full refund, within thirty (30) calendar days after notice of termination, of all license fees, Maintenance Fees and other fees paid<omitted>hereunder; and (b) Bank of America may terminate Maintenance Services under any Product License Schedule or Order for convenience at any time, and Bank of America shall then have no obligation to pay any additional Maintenance Fees, other than for Maintenance Services performed through the date of termination.
CBC may terminate this Agreement by no less than 24 (twenty four) months notice given in writing by CBC to MediWound, or such greater period as may be reasonable for MediWound to establish an alternative source of manufacture of Bromelain SP and/or to acquire sufficient inventory of Bromelain SP for a 24 (twenty four) months period.
MediWound may terminate this Agreement at any time, by 6 (six) months prior notice in writing.
Customer, in its sole discretion, may terminate this Agreement, without cause, by providing six (6) months prior written notice to Philips
Either Party may terminate this Agreement at any time prior to delivery of the Product.
Bellicum may terminate this Agreement or a particular Module upon ninety (90) days written notice to Miltenyi: 1) if Bellicum, in its sole and absolute discretion, discontinues or indefinitely suspends the development and/or commercialization of the Bellicum Product(s) or 2) without cause for any reason or no reason.
Either Party may terminate this Agreement, without cause, by giving two (2) years written notice.
If MPL is in compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and Shipper decides to terminate this Agreement after the Effective Date but prior to the commencement of transportation service on the Pipeline, Shipper shall notify MPL of its decision to terminate within one hundred and eighty (180) days of the Project's in-service date to allow MPL the opportunity to provide Shipper's unwanted capacity to other interested shippers as Unsubscribed Capacity as set forth in Section 3.8.
Party B shall have the right to terminate this Agreement in advance without the prior written consent from Party A, bysending a written notice to Party A but Party A may not terminate or rescind this Agreement;
In the case of a written notice 15 days in advance from either party to the other Party And a payment of the liquidated damages of RMB10,000 (RMB TEN THOUSAND), this Agreement shall terminate as of the date of termination stated in the notice of termination.
Party A is entitled to unilaterally terminate this Agreement within three natural months from the signing date of this Agreement.
With respect to Beacon Optofluidic Machines (including related Hardware and Software), Consumables and Services for which Ginkgo has placed a Purchase Order pursuant to this Agreement, the Parties agree to the BLI Terms and Conditions that apply with respect to Beacon Optofluidic Machines (including related Hardware and Software), Consumables and Services, unless, notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the BLI Terms and Conditions (including any language regarding the treatment of additional or different terms set forth therein), a term in such BLI Terms and Conditions is inconsistent with a term in this Agreement, in which case this Agreement shall control, including as follows:<omitted>4.1.9 Ginkgo may elect, at any time in its sole discretion, to terminate the Software License Agreement that comprises part of the BLI Terms and Conditions and, upon such termination, Ginkgo's right to use such underlying Software shall term
This Agreement may also be terminated by either party upon ninety (90) days written notice.
Any Participant will have the right to voluntarily withdraw from the Joint Venture at any time
Written notice of intention to withdraw must be served in writing upon the remaining Participants at least Thirty (30) business days prior to the withdrawal date.
provided that (a) either party may terminate this Agreement, effective at any time after the first three months of the Term, by giving 30 days' written notice of termination to the other party,
This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time by Parent, in its sole and absolute discretion, without the approval or consent of<omitted>any other Person, including SpinCo.
With regard to the Molecular Information Platform Program, Roche shall have the right to terminate without cause either or both of the Sample Profiling or Molecular Information Database Access activities individually.
With regard to the CDx Development Program, Roche shall also have the right to terminate, without cause, the development of an Approved Marker and/or an Investigational Marker for inclusion in a CDx Assay, upon […***…] prior written notice; provided however that this right shall expire with respect to each Approved Marker for inclusion in a particular CDx Assay at such time as FMI has completed analytical validation for such Approved Marker.
Roche shall have the right to terminate the Agreement in its entirety, or on a Work Stream-by-Work Stream basis, except for the ctDNA Work Stream, upon […***…] prior written notice, without cause.
At any time during a renewed term, this Agreement may be terminated by any party on six (6) months prior notice that it wishes to terminate the Agreement.
ENERGOUS may, at any time after the third anniversary of the Effective Date, terminate this Agreement with or without cause upon not less than one hundred and eighty (180) days prior written notice to DIALOG.
If any of the conditions specified in Section 8 shall not have been fulfilled when and as required by this Agreement, or by the Closing Date, or waived in writing by Capital Resources, this Agreement and all of Capital Resources obligations hereunder may be canceled by Capital Resources by notifying the Association of such cancellation in writing or by telegram at any time at or prior to the Closing Date, and, any such cancellation shall be without Liability of any party to any other party except as otherwise provided in Sections 2, 7, 9 and 10 hereof.
If Capital Resources elects to terminate this Agreement as provided in this section, the Company and the Association shall be notified as provided in Section 13 hereof, promptly by Capital Resources by telephone or telegram, confirmed by letter.
Capital Resources may terminate this Agreement by giving the notice indicated below in this Section at any time after this Agreement becomes effective as follows:
In the event the Company fails to sell all of the Shares within the period specified, and in accordance with the provisions of the Plan or as required by the Conversion Regulations and applicable law, this Agreement shall terminate upon refund by the Association to each person who has subscribed for or ordered any of the Shares the full amount which it may have received from such person, together with interest as provided in the Offering Prospectus, and no party to this Agreement shall have any obligation to the other hereunder, except for payment by the Association and/or the Company as set forth in Sections 2, 7, 9 and 10 hereof.
So long as no default exists and is continuing hereunder or under the Lease, either party may terminate this Agreement at any time upon ____________ (______30________) days written notice to the other party; provided however that such termination shall not act as a termination of any Equipment leased hereunder.
Either party may, at its option, terminate this Agreement without cause, effective at any time after January 31, 1999, upon giving at least ninety (90) days prior written notice of such termination to the other party.
Until the Settlement Date, this Agreement may be terminated by the Agent by giving notice (in the manner prescribed by Section 9 hereof) to the Company, if (i) the Company shall have failed, refused or been unable, at or prior to the Settlement Date, to perform any agreement on its part to be performed hereunder unless the failure to perform any agreement is due to the default or omission by the Agent; (ii) any other condition of the obligations of the Agent hereunder is not fulfilled; (iii) trading in securities generally on the NYSE, NYSE MKT, or Nasdaq shall have been suspended or minimum or maximum prices shall have been established on either of such exchanges or such market by the Commission or by such exchange or other regulatory body or governmental authority having jurisdiction; (iv) trading or quotation in any of the Company's securities shall have been suspended or materially limited by the Commission or by the NYSE MKT, NYSE or Nasdaq or other regulatory body of governmental authority having jurisdiction; (v) a general banking moratorium has been declared by Federal or New York authorities; (vi) a material disruption in securities settlement, payment or clearance services in the United States shall have occurred; (vii) there shall have been any material adverse change in general economic, political or financial conditions in the United States or in international conditions on the financial markets in the United States, in each case, the effect of which is such as to make it, in the Agent's reasonable judgment, inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the Securities; or (viii) any attack on, outbreak or escalation of hostilities, declaration of war or act of terrorism involving the United States or any other national or international calamity or emergency has occurred if, in the Agent's reasonable judgment, the effect of any such attack, outbreak, escalation, declaration, act, calamity or emergency makes it impractical or inadvisable to proceed with the completion of the placement or the delivery of the Securities.
Notwithstanding Section 7.1 above, this Agreement may be terminated upon the occurrence of any of the following events:<omitted>(d) By either party hereto upon sixty (60) days prior written notice to the other party hereto;
In addition, in order to accommodate the review and approval of this Agreement by the Office of General Counsel of UT System (the "OGC"), for a period of *** (***) days following the Effective Date (the "Limited Unilateral Termination Period"), MD Anderson will have the right to terminate this Agreement without cause upon ten (10) days' notice to Adaptimmune; provided, however, that (i) a termination by MD Anderson will be effective if notice of termination is sent by MD Anderson any time within the Limited Unilateral Termination Period even if the ten day notice period extends beyond the Limited Unilateral Termination Period and (ii) the Limited Unilateral Termination Period will expire on the earlier to occur of (x) the end of the sixty days, or (y) written notice to Adaptimmune from MD Anderson that the Agreement has been approved by the OGC.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall be earlier terminated (x) by mutual agreement of the parties, or (y) at any time upon sixty (60) days advance written notice to the other party.
After the Initial Term, this Agreement shall continue on a month to month basis until terminated by either party upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other setting forth the effective date of such termination.
Both parties may terminate this Agreement upon ninety ("90") days written notice to the other party at the address stated in this Agreement as per section 3 above.
This Agreement may also be terminated by either party upon ninety (90) days written notice.
Subject to the provisions of 11.1, Dynamic Hearing may terminate this Agreement upon three (3) months written notice to IntriCon of such termination.
This Agreement is effective on the Effective Date and shah continue in effect until the earlier of (a) the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date, and (b) termination by either Party for any reason upon thirty (30) days' written notice to the other Party; provided, however, that no Party shall be able to terminate this Agreement so long as such Party is a Defaulting Party under this Agreement.
Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time with 30 days written notice.
Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time with 30 days written notice.
Either party may terminate this agreement at any time with 30 days written notice.
This Agreement may be terminated by either the PHL Parties, on the one hand, or ICC, on the other, with respect to Certificates that have not been issued as of the effective date of termination in the following manner:<omitted>By any of the PHL Parties, on the one hand, or ICC, on the other, providing one hundred and twenty (120) days prior written notice to the other Parties.
Termination for Convenience. [***].
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Initial Term") will be ten (10) years from the Effective Date, provided that at any time following the 7th anniversary of such date, either party may terminate such strategic alliance upon not less than 60 days' prior written notice to the other party.
provided that at any time following the 7th anniversary of such date, either party may terminate such strategic alliance upon not less than 60 days' prior written notice to the other party.
If the Farids Group determines for any reason not to proceed with any proposed registration requested pursuant to Section 6.1, the Farids Group shall promptly notify the Company in writing.
Either party may terminate this Agreement, without cause, upon ninety (90) days prior written notice to the other party, provided, however, that all outstanding Work Orders shall continue to be governed by the terms and conditions hereof.
This Agreement may be terminated by Anixa, without cause, upon at least thirty (30) days written notice to OntoChem.
Both parties shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time, for any or for no reason, upon one hundred twenty (120) days written notice to the other party.
Subject to Section 18.7.2, Astellas may terminate this Agreement upon six (6) months notice to FG for any reason or no reason.
The Parties may terminate its performance of related obligations under this Agreement within thirty (30) days of receipt by the Party of written termination notice.
Notwithstanding Article 9.3., [CERES/IGER] will have the right to terminate this Agreement including the Program at any time with [three (3)] months' prior written notice.
During the term of this Agreement, Party A may terminate this Agreement at any time with a written notice to Party B 30 days before such termination.
This Agreement may be terminated subject to the following clauses: 1.1.1. By either Vendor or Distributor, upon written notice of termination of this Agreement no later than ninety (90) calendar days prior to the expiration of the relevant Term, then in effect;
Tripath or Distributor may terminate this Agreement for any reason with thirty days written notice.
Upon the occurrence of any of the following, WGT may terminate the Term by giving Distributor written notice of such termination for:<omitted>WGT giving Distributor ninety (90) days' advance written notice of termination at any time after the expiration of the Initial Term.
Upon the occurrence of any of the following, Distributor may terminate the Term by giving WGT written notice of such termination;<omitted>for convenience whether or not extended beyond the Initial Term, provided Distributor gives WGT thirty (30) days' advance written notice and, within such thirty (30) day period, Distributor pays to WGT a lump-sum payment equal to fifty (50%) of the unpaid balance of cumulative Guaranteed Minimum Purchase amounts.
Either party may terminate this agreement by providing Ninety days Written Notice.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years from the date first set forth above and shall thereafter automatically renew for additional two (2) year terms unless a party provides the other party with notice of non-renewal no less than 6 months prior to the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term unless earlier terminated as follows:<omitted>13.1.3 By either party for any reason by providing six (6) months prior written notice expressly terminating this Agreement.
except as specifically described elsewhere in this agreement, either ITS or COMWARE shall have the right to terminate this Agreement with 30 days written notice from the other party, for any reason whatsoever.
Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until terminated by either Party upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice.
This contract shall be for a term of one year commencing on the date first above written; thereafter, it shall automatically continue until terminated by either party upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party.
In the event that the Company desires to terminate the Agreement prior to the Termination Date, it shall provide AGI with at least 60 days prior written notice of its intention to terminate this Agreement and this Agreement shall so terminate following the expiration of this 60-day period, without any further responsibility by either Party except as provided in Section 5.
Commencing on the later of (i) [ * ] of the First Commercial Sale of the Binimetinib Product in the Ono Territory, or (ii) [ * ] of the First Commercial Sale of the Encorafenib Product in the Ono Territory, Ono shall have the right to terminate this Agreement, for any reasons by giving [ * ] advance written notice to Array which shall be accompanied by the rationale for such termination.
Achaogen may terminate this Agreement in its entirety, for any reason, by providing at least sixty (60) days prior written notice to Microgenics.
We will have the right to terminate the Ad Fund by giving you thirty (30) days' advance written notice.
Customer may terminate this Agreement (including all Service Option Attachments) or any Service Option Attachment (with the exception of any Service Option Attachment that is a prerequisite for the provision of Services under a non-terminated Service Option Attachment) for convenience at the end of any calendar month by: a. providing at least one month's prior written notice to IBM; and b. paying the applicable early termination charges, if any, specified in Attachment A and applicable Service Option Attachments.
If Customer disagrees with any such changes, Customer may in its sole discretion terminate this Agreement (or some or all of the affected Service Option Attachments) without the payment of termination charges upon notice to IBM at least thirty (30) days prior to the effective date of the applicable change.
Microsoft may terminate this Agreement at any time without cause upon [*] ([*]) days prior written notice.
This Agreement or any Project Plan may be terminated: (a) by Magenta for any reason upon [***] written notice to Bachem;
Either Party may terminate this Agreement hereunder for any reason at its convenience upon one hundred eighty (180) days prior written notice.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3 of this Agreement, shall continue until the twentieth (20th) anniversary of the Effective Date; provided, however, (i) Operator shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Owner, if Operator provides a substitute operator acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, who (A) has experience operating similar assets, (B) has the ability to provide at least the same quality of service as Operator, (C) has the financial ability to perform the obligations hereunder, and (D) is ready, willing and able to execute an operation and maintenance agreement substantially similar to this Agreement and acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, and (ii) Owner shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Operator.
AIG shall have the absolute right to terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice to the Company, which notice shall state the effective date of termination (the "Termination Date"); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that AIG agrees not to terminate this Agreement unless (a) AIG significantly modifies the corporate structure or ownership of the Company, or (b) AIG sells the Company to an acquirer (i) having a rating from at least one of S&P, Moody's, A.M. Best or a substitute agency, which is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization, that is at least equal to the lower of (x) AIG's then-current rating from such agency or (y) the Company's then-current rating as supported by this Agreement from such agency; or (ii) such that, immediately on the effective date of the sale by AIG of the Company, the Company's capitalization is consistent with the minimum capital adequacy standards and criteria of at least one of S&P, Moody's, A.M. Best or a substitute agency, which is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization, for a rating that is equal to or better than the Company's then-current rating on the date immediately preceding such sale.
Sparkling may terminate this Agreement at any time upon ninety (90) calendar days written notice to Garman.
Following expiry of the initial period described in Clause 15 above, DCL or SEV giving not less than six months notice in writing may terminate this Agreement.
However, any Party may terminate its participation in this Agreement at the end of the Initial Period or at any time thereafter by giving at least one year's prior notice, in writing, to the other remaining Parties.
LICENSEE may terminate this Agreement upon ninety (90) days written notice.
However, any Party may terminate its participation in this Agreement at the end of the Initial Period or any time thereafter by giving not less than one (1) year's prior notice thereof, in writing, to the other Parties.
This AGREEMENT and the licence granted hereunder shall terminate should any of the following events occur: 6. 2. 1. 30 (thirty) days after TELKOM gives SAP AFRICA written notice of TELKOM's wish to terminate this AGREEMENT for any reason. Any such termination shall be subject to accrued rights and obligations but only after payment of all Licence and Maintenance Fees then due and owing;
The Maintenance Services may be terminated by TELKOM in writing at any time upon 3 (three) months prior written notice.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may terminate this Agreement at any time without liability by providing one hundred eighty (180) days written notice to the other party.
Owner may terminate this Agreement at any time upon the occurrence of any of the following:<omitted>(e) Without cause on no less than seven (7) days prior written notice.
The Engagement Letter shall provide that the Bank may terminate its engagement at any time upon not less than 45 days' prior written notice to the other Parties.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this OMA may be terminated with or without cause at any time after the Effective Date and without liability or continuing obligation by any of the Parties hereto (i) by mutual written agreement of all of the Parties; and (ii) in writing by the Trust Advisors in their sole discretion.
EKR may terminate this Agreement for convenience at any time upon [**] ([**]) days prior, written notice to PPI.
At any time between the Agreement Date and July 1, 2015, EKR shall have the right, exercisable upon sixty (60) days prior written notice to PPI, to terminate the Lease Term and sell the Transferred Equipment back to PPI, subject to payment by PPI to EKR within five (5) days of such notice of $[**] in cash, which if exercised shall result in (i) an offset against the unpaid balance of principal and interest under the Promissory Note pursuant to Section 3.20(f) below; and (ii) the termination of the Step-in Right described in Section 17.5.
At any time after July 1, 2015, PPI shall have the right, exercisable upon sixty (60) days prior written notice to EKR, to terminate the Lease Term and repurchase the Transferred Equipment from EKR, subject to payment by PPI to EKR within five (5) days of such notice of any principal paid by EKR under the Promissory Note, which if exercised shall result in the termination of the Step-in Right set forth in Section 17.5.
Any Party hereto may terminate this Agreement at any time upon prior written notice.
Either party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time for any reason.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force and effect until one (1) year subsequent to the Effective Date, provided however, that Tickets may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon thirty (30) days' notice to MP3. com at any time prior to the expiration of sixty (60) days subsequent to the Effective Date.
PivX may terminate this Agreement for convenience by giving at least thirty (30) days written notice of termination to Detto.
After the first year and upon 180 days written notice, Reseller may terminate the AMC.
This Agreement shall continue in force for a term of twelve (12) months from the Effective Date, unless terminated earlier under the provisions of this Article 8 (the "Term"); PROVIDED that TouchStar shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time after the Effective Date upon not less than fifteen (15) days' prior written notice to Reseller.
FUSION may terminate this Agreement by providing written notice to the CPDC where: (a) [***] following the Effective Date of this Supply Agreement, FUSION may terminate this Agreement without cause by providing CPDC with [***] prior written notice.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Supply Agreement, this Supply Agreement may be terminated: 10.2.1 in its entirety or with respect to one or more Products, on a Product-by-Product basis, by mutual written consent of Sutro and SutroVax; 10.2.2 in its entirety by a Party if the other Party materially breaches any of the material terms, conditions or agreements contained in this Supply Agreement to be kept, observed or performed by the other Party, by giving the Party who committed the breach [***] days' prior written notice, unless the notified Party shall have cured the breach within such [***]-day period; and 10.2.3 in its entirety or with respect to one or more Products, on a Product-by-Product basis, by SutroVax upon [***] days' prior written notice to Sutro for any reason.
Following the Initial Term, Vericel may, without penalty or prejudice to any other rights or remedies Vericel may have, in its sole discretion terminate or reduce the scope of any individual activities contemplated by this Agreement or any Additional Service or with respect to any Product or terminate this Agreement as a whole with or without cause, upon [***] prior written notice of such termination or reduction (which such written notice may be provided during the Initial Term).
NCC may terminate this Agreement by giving 60 days written notice to the Owner and the Licensee.
The Licensee may terminate this Agreement at any time by giving written notice to the Owner and NCC.
This Agreement may be terminated at any time without cause by either party upon ninety (90) days written notice to the other party.
This Agreement may be canceled at any time without cause, by either party upon ninety (90) days written notice to the other party.
Either Party may terminate this Agreement for any reason following the Initial Term upon ninety (90) days written notice to the other Party.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Rogers may terminate this Agreement, at any time, upon sixty (60) days' prior written notice to Licensor.
ETON has the right to terminate this Agreement after approval of the Dossier or marketing application for the Product (or added new product), at its sole discretion, upon providing one hundred eighty (180) days' written notice to Aucta.
Accordingly, either Party may terminate this Agreement or all/part of a Project for any reason and at any time upon giving the other Party sixty (60) days prior written notice.
This Agreement may be terminated by either party for any reason or no reason, whether or not extended beyond the initial term, by giving the other party written notice ninety (90) days in advance.
Company at its sole discretion may at any time alter or cease providing the Customer Service which it has agreed to provide to Client relating to Client Website pursuant to this Agreement without any liability to Company.
The Agreement may be terminated by both Parties with a notification period of *** before the end of the Initial Term of the Agreement.
Regardless of the term, Licensee can terminate Agreement with at least one hundred eighty (180) days written notice with no further obligation.
Customer may terminate this Agreement, or any portion of Services specified herein, for convenience by: providing at least sixty (60) days prior written notice to IBM; and paying the applicable early termination charges specified in Attachment C.
This Agreement may be terminated by Nuance at any time, in its sole discretion, prior to the Distribution; provided, however, that this Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the termination of the Separation Agreement in accordance with its terms.
This Agreement may be terminated by Honeywell at any time, in its sole discretion, prior to the Distribution; provided, however, that this Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the termination of the Separation Agreement in accordance with its terms.
Either Party may terminate the Project and all commitments and obligations with respect thereto, subject to Section 8.3 herein, upon thirty (30) days written notice to the other Party.
This Agreement may be terminated by ArTara upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to University.
Vyera shall have the right to terminate this Agreement in its entirety:<omitted>(c) at any time following the second (2nd) anniversary of the First Commercial Sale of the Licensed Product, for any reason or no reason, upon one hundred eighty (180) days' written notice to CytoDyn.
Company may terminate this Agreement and the license granted herein, for any reason, upon giving JHU sixty (60) days written notice under Paragraph 8.1.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated in this Agreement, either party may terminate this Agreement at any time without cause by giving to the other party, not less than four (4) months written notice.
The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the 60th day following a written notice from one party to the other of its decision to terminate this Agreement at the end of such 60-day period or upon termination of the applicable Distribution Agreement with respect to a Fund.
The Agreement rests, for all that, cancellable at any time by any of the parties before the expiry date of the Agreement or any of itsrenewals, upon three months prior written notice.
Customer shall have the right to terminate any Scope of Work and corresponding Purchase Order for Services at any time on reasonable advance written notice to Supplier (without terminating this Agreement), in which case Customer shall be responsible for: [* * *]
After the date that is eighteen (18) months after the Effective Date, either Party may terminate this Agreement upon six (6) months prior written notice to the other Party.
Either Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement before the end of the Term for its convenience upon [***] written notice to the other Party (and any such termination shall become effective at the end of such [***]); [***].
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, MMT may at any time terminate this Agreement on country-by-country basis, or in its entirety, upon [***] months' prior written notice to SIGA.
Either Party may terminate this agreement for non-cause with a sixty (60) written notice.
Following the Initial Term, either Party may terminate this Agreement without cause upon written notice to the other Party of at least 3 months.
In addition, CHT may terminate this Agreement and the rights granted hereunder, in whole or in part, and without prejudice to enforcement of any other legal right or remedy (including any express termination right set forth elsewhere in this Agreement), at any time without cause, by providing at least thirty (30) Business Days prior written notice to Ehave, but subject to payment of a termination fee equal to an amount set out in Schedule 6.
Except as agreed by the Parties in writing or as otherwise stated in the Exhibits, Company may terminate for convenience any Transition Service, and RGHI may terminate for convenience any Reverse Transition Service, upon 30 days' prior written notice of such termination; provided, (a) that, with respect to the Services described in Section G1 of Exhibit A, unless otherwise indicated therein, those Services may not be terminated independently except in accordance with an agreed Migration Plan and, (b) any unamortized costs associated with Provider's purchase of any license or other costs incurred specifically for the purpose of providing the Services hereunder will be passed through to the Terminating Party.
Each Party may also terminate the Agreement for convenience after Contract Year 2<omitted>by providing written notice to the other Party at least sixty (60) calendar days prior to the effective date of such termination
Either Party may terminate this Agreement by giving the other Party thirty (30) days' prior written notice.
Licensor reserves the right to terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice for any reason, including if the usage of the Brand is not in compliance with the standards and policies.
This Agreement shall be terminable (a) by the Licensor<omitted>(ii) upon sixty (60) days' written notice by the Licensor to the Licensee or (b) by the Licensee<omitted>(ii) upon sixty (60) days' written notice by the Licensee to the Licensor.
This Agreement shall be terminable<omitted>by Licensor or Licensee upon sixty (60) days' written notice to the other party;
eBix may terminate this Agreement, [**] upon [**] to About; provided, however, that the termination is no earlier than [**] of the Effective Date of this Agreement.
Either party wishing to terminate the Agreement must give written notice to the other party at least thirty (30) days prior to the desired date of termination.
SpinRecords.com may terminate this Agreement for no reason or for any reason upon sixty (60) days prior written notice to NETTAXI.
NETTAXI may terminate this Agreement at any time for<omitted>its convenience, for no reason or for any reason, upon sixty (60) days prior written notice to SpinRecords.com.
Chase may revoke Affiliate's license at any time.
Either Affiliate or Chase may terminate this Agreement at any time, with or without cause, by giving the other party written or e-mail notice of termination.
Axiometric will have the right to terminate the license to use the office space and to move out of the office space at any time upon two weeks notice.
Either party may cancel this Agreement at any time, with or without supplying a reason, through written notification or by making suitable settings in the respective Control Panel.
The Software Publisher and element 5 are authorized to revoke the license granted to the Affiliate at any time by written notice.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date and shall continue in effect until either Party informs the other Party with thirty (30) day prior written notice of termination of this Agreement.
Network retains the right at all times during the Term to discontinue its distribution of the Service in its entirety and to terminate this Agreement and all other affiliates' agreements on at least ninety (90) days' prior notice without any liability therefor to Affiliate, other than amounts payable hereunder which accrued prior to such termination, including amounts payable pursuant to Section 6(b) and Exhibit D.
Theismann shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon thirty (30) days' written notice to Bizzingo, such termination to become effective at the conclusion of such 30-day period.
This Agreement may be terminated at any time while the Employee is living by written notice thereof by either the Employer or the Employee to the other; and, in any event, this Agreement will terminate upon termination of the Employee's employment.
Aimmune may terminate this Agreement in its entirety at any time for its convenience upon sixty (60) days' prior written notice to Xencor.
Without limitation of its rights under this ARTICLE 13, Xencor may also terminate this Agreement in its entirety as applicable, pursuant to the provisions of Section 9.7.
Client has the unilateral right to cancel this agreement at any time within a 7-day notice period.
Licensee may terminate this Agreement for convenience upon eighteen (18) months' advance written notice to Bioeq; provided, however, that any such termination for convenience shall not become effective prior to twelve (12) months after the First Commercial Sale of the first Licensed Product.
This Agreement shall terminate immediately upon El Pollo Loco's receipt of Developer's notice to terminate.
Franchisor may terminate or modify any rights that Developer may have with respect to protected exclusive rights in the Territory, as granted under Section 1.1 above, effective ten (10) days after delivery of written notice thereof to Developer.
EHS or EHN, on the one hand, and Dr. Murray, on the other, may terminate any Services Term of this Agreement by delivering 60 days written notice to the other party.
AbbVie may terminate this Agreement in its entirety, or on a country or other jurisdiction -by-country or other jurisdiction basis, for any or no reason, upon ninety (90) days' prior written notice to Harpoon.
Either party may terminate this Agreement prior to expiration of the Term: (i) upon thirty (30) days prior written notice, or (ii) immediately upon written notice to the other party if: (a) the other party declares or a petition is filed in any court for insolvency or bankruptcy and such petition is not dismissed in thirty (30) days; (b) the other party reorganizes under the relevant bankruptcy act or any similar statute in such party's jurisdiction of incorporation; (c) the other party consents to the appointment of a trustee in bankruptcy or a receiver or similar entity; or (d) the Developer breaches DSS's Technology or Intellectual Property rights contained herein.
Either Party may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon providing 180 days prior written notice to the other Party prior to the expiration of the then-current term or unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
Sanofi may terminate this Agreement (A) in its entirety by providing [***] written notice of termination to RevMed or (B) on a country-by-country or Product-by-Product basis by providing [***] written notice of termination to RevMed; provided that if Sanofi desires to terminate this Agreement under this Section 12.2(a)(i)B only with respect to the U.S. (for all Products or one or more Products), Sanofi shall provide [***] written notice of termination to RevMed.
Sekisui may terminate this Agreement upon prior written notice<omitted>at any other time upon ninety (90) days' prior written notice of impending termination.
Developer may also terminate this Agreement by giving two (2) weeks' notice in writing to VAL.
COMPANY may, in its unfettered discretion, terminate this Agreement at any time after first givingCONTENT PROVIDER ten (10) days advance notice thereof.
XFN may terminate this Agreement by giving thirty (30) days written notice to the CEIS.
This Agreement shall be in effect until March 18. 2021, unless sooner terminated by either party upon (30) days written notice, without cause.
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3 above, either party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement, without cause, upon no less than ninety (90) days' prior written notice to the other party.
"Distribution Term" means the period commencing on the first Regulatory Approval of the Product in the Territory and continuing until [***], or if this Agreement is terminated earlier pursuant to Article 12, the effective date of such termination.<omitted>At any time following the expiration of the Distribution Term (as defined in Section 1.17), the Distributor may terminate this Agreement at will upon [***] prior written notice to Zogenix.
We may terminate your right to provide products and services to a Major Account customer at any time by giving you at least 30 days' prior written notice, and you may terminate your right to provide products and services to a Major Account at any time by giving us at least 30 days' prior written notice.
Either party may terminate this Agreement, without cause, by giving the other party [*****] days prior written notice.
Customer may terminate this Agreement and the license at any time by destroying all copies of Software including any Documentation.
Either Party may terminate this Agreement at any time during the term of this Agreement for any reason upon two weeks written notice to the other Party.
The Consultant may voluntarily terminate the Consultant's engagement with the Company at any time by giving the Company 120 days prior written Notice of the termination.
The Company may terminate Consultant's engagement at any time by giving Consultant 60 days prior written Notice of the termination.
Either Consultant or Company may terminate this Agreement upon prior written notice thereof to the other party.
The Contractor may terminate this Agreement and his or her engagement for any reason at any time upon providing 30 days advance notice in writing to Emerald. Termination will be effective, at Emeralds' election, on a date which is no earlier than the date such notice is received and no later than the date which is 30 days following that date.
The Company may terminate this Agreement and the engagement of the Contractor without Cause at any time on 30 days prior written notice.
This Agreement shall terminate immediately upon the occurrence of any of the following events:<omitted>(c) ninety (90) days following the date the Company gives CONSULTANT written notice of termination for any or no reason; or (d) CONSULTANT may terminate this Agreement by giving ninety (90) days' written notice to REIT.
Either Party may terminate this Agreement, with or without cause, upon giving the other party thirty (30) days prior written notice of such termination pursuant to Section 12.7 of this Agreement.
Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time on prior written notice to the other.
The Consultant may terminate the Consultation Period at any time upon thirty (30) days' written notice.
This Agreement can be terminated at any time prior to the expiry of the Term, as follows: (a) by the Consultant electing to give the Company not less than 3 months prior notice of such termination; (b) by the Company electing to give the Consultant 3 months prior notice of such termination along with a termination payment equal to the annual Consulting Fee;
Pretzel Time reserves the right to suspend contributions/fees and operations of the Advertising Fund for one or more periods, and the right to terminate the Advertising Fund, upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice to Franchisee.
Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time on prior written notice to the other.
Either party may terminate this Agreement without cause at any time effective upon thirty (30) days' written notice.
Upon Diplomat giving Tadeo at least sixty (60) days advance written notice of termination of this Agreement.
Subject to the Wind-Down Budget and payment of Expenses, Agent shall use the E-Commerce Platform in connection with the GOB Sale to fulfill customer orders made during the GOB Sale Term and otherwise promote the GOB Sale (in Agent's capacity as Agent hereunder), provided that Agent shall have the option, in its sole discretion, to terminate the use of the E-Commerce Platform at any time after four weeks of use.
Each of the Recipient and the Provider may, in their sole discretion, terminate this Agreement in whole or in part, at any time without cause, and without liability except, in the case of the Recipient, for required payment for services rendered and reimbursement for authorized expenses incurred, by providing at least 90 (ninety) days' prior written notice to the other party (such date, the "Services Termination Date").
In addition, either you or Nationwide may terminate this Agreement<omitted>for any reason on at least ninety (90) days written notice to the other party.
This Agreement may be terminated, either in respect of a Fund or in its entirety, by either Oaktree US or the Sub-Advisor for any reason upon 30 days' written notice to the other.
Client may terminate this Agreement on thirty (30) days written notice without cause.
At any time that there is no uncompleted Statement of Work outstanding, either party may terminate this Agreement for any or no reason upon fifteen (15) days advance notice to the other.
This Agreement may be terminated without the payment of any penalty by either party upon sixty (60) days' written notice to the other party.
The Company may in its discretion and at its option terminate this Agreement at any time after the Minimum Period upon five days prior written notice to Maimon.
This Agreement shall terminate (a) at the option of any party, upon 90 days' advance written notice to the other parties hereto;
This Agreement may be terminated by (a) the written agreement of the Parties or (b) by either Party upon 5 days written notice to the other Party.
The Appointment may be terminated by either party giving the other at least 12 months' notice in writing.
15.2 The Company may in its sole and absolute discretion (whether or not any notice of termination has been given under sub clause 15.1) terminate this Agreement at any time and with immediate effect by giving notice in writing to the Executive that the Company is exercising its rights pursuant to this clause 15.
The Company reserves the right in its sole and absolute discretion to give written notice to<omitted>terminate your employment forthwith and to make a payment to you in lieu of salary and the benefits set out in paragraph 5 of this Agreement for all or any unexpired part of the notice period.
Without prejudice to the Company's right to summarily terminate your employment in accordance with paragraph 11.3 below and your right to summarily terminate your employment for Good Reason in accordance with paragraph 11.4 below, either you or the Company may terminate your employment by giving to the other not less than six months' notice in writing.
This Agreement may be terminated by Company at any time upon written notice to FIIOC.
FIIOC may terminate this Agreement at any time upon ninety (90) days' written notice to Company.
The Company may, in its sole and absolute discretion, terminate the Executive's employment under this Agreement at any time and with immediate effect by notifying the Executive that the Company is exercising its right under this clause 17 and that it will make a payment in l ieu of not ice ("PILON") to the Executive.
This Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, with respect to any series or the Trust, by the Board of Trustees of the Trust, or by the Sponsor, in each case on not less than 60 days' written notice to the other party.
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 1 hereof, the Sponsor shall have the right at any time prior to December 31, 2010 to terminate this Agreement by giving written notice of such termination to Racing.
ISO may terminate this Agreement prior to its expiration for cause upon prior written notice to SERVICERS as follows:<omitted>(j) At any time upon one hundred eighty (180) days prior written notice to the SERVICERS with no penalty.
SERVICERS may terminate this Agreement prior to its expiration for cause upon prior written notice to ISO as follows:<omitted>(k) Upon the termination of the Service Agreement for any reason with one hundred eighty (180) days prior written notice to ISO;
The Company or the Contractor may terminate this Agreement at any time in whole or in part as more specifically provided below, and in such case, the Contractor will be paid fees incurred up to the date of such termination plus its expenses accrued as of such date within 30 days of such termination.
The Contractor will have the ability to terminate this Agreement by giving 90 days' prior written notice to the Company.
The Company will have the ability to terminate this Agreement by giving 60 days' prior written notice to the Contractor.
Either party hereto may terminate this Agreement after the Initial Period upon at least six (6) months' prior written notice to the other party thereof.
The Company may terminate this Agreement in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence but with less than six (6) months' prior written notice to Contractor; provided, that in such event, the Company shall pay Contractor an amount equal to the Termination Fee.
Datec may terminate the whole or any part of this agreement for convenience at any time by giving the BSP at least 6 months prior written notice.
The BSP may terminate the whole or any part of this agreement for convenience at any time by giving Datec at least 6 months prior written notice.
Notwithstanding the aforesaid in Section 16.1. and any possible implication to the contrary herein or as a result of the course of conduct of the parties, Contractor shall be entitled, at its sole discretion, to terminate this Agreement only during the Extended Term, with or without cause, upon a prior written notice of termination to NICE of not less than six (6) months.
Notwithstanding the aforesaid in Section 16.1. and any possible implication to the contrary herein or as a result of the course of conduct of the parties, NICEshall be entitled, at its sole discretion, to terminate this Agreement, in whole or in part, at any time during the Initial Term or the Extended Term, with or without cause, upon a prior written notice of termination to Contractor of not less than forty-five (45) Days.
M&I may, at any time, withdraw any of the Services (other than the Core Services) upon providing ninety (90) days' prior written notice to Customer.
Customer may terminate this Agreement during the Term upon at least one (1) years' written notice to M&I, provided that Customer pays M&I an early termination fee ("Termination for Convenience Fee") in an amount equal to REDACTED of the Estimated Remaining Value.
Except as may be provided in any Schedule, Metavante may, at any time, withdraw any of the Services upon providing ninety (90) days' prior written notice to Customer, provided that Metavante is withdrawing the Service(s) from its entire client base.
Customer may elect to terminate this Agreement for any reason upon six months written notice to Metavante, provided Customer shall pay Metavante the "Termination Fee" defined and computed in accordance with the table below.
Dragon may terminate this agreement without cause by giving sixty (60) days written notice to MMI.
Either party may terminate this Agreement by providing [*] month's written notice to the other.
This Agreement may be terminated by WYZZ by written notice to Nexstar (i) at any time upon six (6) months prior written notice, (ii) on six (6) months prior notice following the sale of WMBD-TV by Nexstar and/or (iii) if WYZZ is not then in material default or breach hereof and if the Nexstar is in material breach of its representations or its material obligations hereunder, and has failed to cure such breach within thirty (30) days of notice from WYZZ; provided, no notice may be given pursuant to clause (i) of this section prior to the eighteen (18) month anniversary of the Effective Date.
This Agreement may be terminated by Nexstar by written notice to WYZZ (i) any time upon six (6) months prior notice, (ii) on six (6) months prior notice following the sale of WYZZ-TV by WYZZ, and/or (iii) if Nexstar is not then in material default or breach hereof, and WYZZ is in material breach of its representations or its material obligations hereunder, and has failed to cure such breach within thirty (30) days of written notice from Nexstar; provided, no notice may be given pursuant to clause (i) of this section prior to the eighteen (18) month anniversary of the Effective Date.
Either party may terminate this Agreement without cause upon sixty (60) days prior written notice to the other party.
Either party may terminate the Agreement on 60-days written notice during a renewed term.
The Reseller Agreement can be terminated at any time at the discretion of either party.
Early termination fee: subject to not being in breach of any of its obligation under the Agreement, the Company may terminate this Agreement for convenience by way of Notice of termination; the Agreement shall be then terminated following a [*****] period as from<omitted>the receipt of such Notice by the Repairer or any other lesser period to be granted by the Repairer.
Bank of America may terminate Maintenance Services for convenience at any time in accordance with the Section entitled "Termination" of the Agreement.
Bank of America may terminate this Agreement, an Order and/or any Customization Schedule(s) for its convenience, without cause, at any time without further charge or expense upon at least forty-five (45) calendar days prior written notice to Supplier.
In addition to the rights of Bank of America set forth in this Section, (a) If Bank of America terminates any Product License Schedule for material default by Supplier prior to the Acceptance Date of the Software, Bank of America shall be entitled to a full refund, within thirty (30) calendar days after notice of termination, of all license fees, Maintenance Fees and other fees paid<omitted>hereunder; and (b) Bank of America may terminate Maintenance Services under any Product License Schedule or Order for convenience at any time, and Bank of America shall then have no obligation to pay any additional Maintenance Fees, other than for Maintenance Services performed through the date of termination.
CBC may terminate this Agreement by no less than 24 (twenty four) months notice given in writing by CBC to MediWound, or such greater period as may be reasonable for MediWound to establish an alternative source of manufacture of Bromelain SP and/or to acquire sufficient inventory of Bromelain SP for a 24 (twenty four) months period.
MediWound may terminate this Agreement at any time, by 6 (six) months prior notice in writing.
Customer, in its sole discretion, may terminate this Agreement, without cause, by providing six (6) months prior written notice to Philips
Either Party may terminate this Agreement at any time prior to delivery of the Product.
Bellicum may terminate this Agreement or a particular Module upon ninety (90) days written notice to Miltenyi: 1) if Bellicum, in its sole and absolute discretion, discontinues or indefinitely suspends the development and/or commercialization of the Bellicum Product(s) or 2) without cause for any reason or no reason.
Either Party may terminate this Agreement, without cause, by giving two (2) years written notice.
If MPL is in compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and Shipper decides to terminate this Agreement after the Effective Date but prior to the commencement of transportation service on the Pipeline, Shipper shall notify MPL of its decision to terminate within one hundred and eighty (180) days of the Project's in-service date to allow MPL the opportunity to provide Shipper's unwanted capacity to other interested shippers as Unsubscribed Capacity as set forth in Section 3.8.
Party B shall have the right to terminate this Agreement in advance without the prior written consent from Party A, bysending a written notice to Party A but Party A may not terminate or rescind this Agreement;
In the case of a written notice 15 days in advance from either party to the other Party And a payment of the liquidated damages of RMB10,000 (RMB TEN THOUSAND), this Agreement shall terminate as of the date of termination stated in the notice of termination.
Party A is entitled to unilaterally terminate this Agreement within three natural months from the signing date of this Agreement.
With respect to Beacon Optofluidic Machines (including related Hardware and Software), Consumables and Services for which Ginkgo has placed a Purchase Order pursuant to this Agreement, the Parties agree to the BLI Terms and Conditions that apply with respect to Beacon Optofluidic Machines (including related Hardware and Software), Consumables and Services, unless, notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the BLI Terms and Conditions (including any language regarding the treatment of additional or different terms set forth therein), a term in such BLI Terms and Conditions is inconsistent with a term in this Agreement, in which case this Agreement shall control, including as follows:<omitted>4.1.9 Ginkgo may elect, at any time in its sole discretion, to terminate the Software License Agreement that comprises part of the BLI Terms and Conditions and, upon such termination, Ginkgo's right to use such underlying Software shall term
This Agreement may also be terminated by either party upon ninety (90) days written notice.
Any Participant will have the right to voluntarily withdraw from the Joint Venture at any time
Written notice of intention to withdraw must be served in writing upon the remaining Participants at least Thirty (30) business days prior to the withdrawal date.
provided that (a) either party may terminate this Agreement, effective at any time after the first three months of the Term, by giving 30 days' written notice of termination to the other party,
This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time by Parent, in its sole and absolute discretion, without the approval or consent of<omitted>any other Person, including SpinCo.
With regard to the Molecular Information Platform Program, Roche shall have the right to terminate without cause either or both of the Sample Profiling or Molecular Information Database Access activities individually.
With regard to the CDx Development Program, Roche shall also have the right to terminate, without cause, the development of an Approved Marker and/or an Investigational Marker for inclusion in a CDx Assay, upon […***…] prior written notice; provided however that this right shall expire with respect to each Approved Marker for inclusion in a particular CDx Assay at such time as FMI has completed analytical validation for such Approved Marker.
Roche shall have the right to terminate the Agreement in its entirety, or on a Work Stream-by-Work Stream basis, except for the ctDNA Work Stream, upon […***…] prior written notice, without cause.
At any time during a renewed term, this Agreement may be terminated by any party on six (6) months prior notice that it wishes to terminate the Agreement.
ENERGOUS may, at any time after the third anniversary of the Effective Date, terminate this Agreement with or without cause upon not less than one hundred and eighty (180) days prior written notice to DIALOG.
If any of the conditions specified in Section 8 shall not have been fulfilled when and as required by this Agreement, or by the Closing Date, or waived in writing by Capital Resources, this Agreement and all of Capital Resources obligations hereunder may be canceled by Capital Resources by notifying the Association of such cancellation in writing or by telegram at any time at or prior to the Closing Date, and, any such cancellation shall be without Liability of any party to any other party except as otherwise provided in Sections 2, 7, 9 and 10 hereof.
If Capital Resources elects to terminate this Agreement as provided in this section, the Company and the Association shall be notified as provided in Section 13 hereof, promptly by Capital Resources by telephone or telegram, confirmed by letter.
Capital Resources may terminate this Agreement by giving the notice indicated below in this Section at any time after this Agreement becomes effective as follows:
In the event the Company fails to sell all of the Shares within the period specified, and in accordance with the provisions of the Plan or as required by the Conversion Regulations and applicable law, this Agreement shall terminate upon refund by the Association to each person who has subscribed for or ordered any of the Shares the full amount which it may have received from such person, together with interest as provided in the Offering Prospectus, and no party to this Agreement shall have any obligation to the other hereunder, except for payment by the Association and/or the Company as set forth in Sections 2, 7, 9 and 10 hereof.
So long as no default exists and is continuing hereunder or under the Lease, either party may terminate this Agreement at any time upon ____________ (______30________) days written notice to the other party; provided however that such termination shall not act as a termination of any Equipment leased hereunder.
Either party may, at its option, terminate this Agreement without cause, effective at any time after January 31, 1999, upon giving at least ninety (90) days prior written notice of such termination to the other party.
Until the Settlement Date, this Agreement may be terminated by the Agent by giving notice (in the manner prescribed by Section 9 hereof) to the Company, if (i) the Company shall have failed, refused or been unable, at or prior to the Settlement Date, to perform any agreement on its part to be performed hereunder unless the failure to perform any agreement is due to the default or omission by the Agent; (ii) any other condition of the obligations of the Agent hereunder is not fulfilled; (iii) trading in securities generally on the NYSE, NYSE MKT, or Nasdaq shall have been suspended or minimum or maximum prices shall have been established on either of such exchanges or such market by the Commission or by such exchange or other regulatory body or governmental authority having jurisdiction; (iv) trading or quotation in any of the Company's securities shall have been suspended or materially limited by the Commission or by the NYSE MKT, NYSE or Nasdaq or other regulatory body of governmental authority having jurisdiction; (v) a general banking moratorium has been declared by Federal or New York authorities; (vi) a material disruption in securities settlement, payment or clearance services in the United States shall have occurred; (vii) there shall have been any material adverse change in general economic, political or financial conditions in the United States or in international conditions on the financial markets in the United States, in each case, the effect of which is such as to make it, in the Agent's reasonable judgment, inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the Securities; or (viii) any attack on, outbreak or escalation of hostilities, declaration of war or act of terrorism involving the United States or any other national or international calamity or emergency has occurred if, in the Agent's reasonable judgment, the effect of any such attack, outbreak, escalation, declaration, act, calamity or emergency makes it impractical or inadvisable to proceed with the completion of the placement or the delivery of the Securities.
Notwithstanding Section 7.1 above, this Agreement may be terminated upon the occurrence of any of the following events:<omitted>(d) By either party hereto upon sixty (60) days prior written notice to the other party hereto;
In addition, in order to accommodate the review and approval of this Agreement by the Office of General Counsel of UT System (the "OGC"), for a period of *** (***) days following the Effective Date (the "Limited Unilateral Termination Period"), MD Anderson will have the right to terminate this Agreement without cause upon ten (10) days' notice to Adaptimmune; provided, however, that (i) a termination by MD Anderson will be effective if notice of termination is sent by MD Anderson any time within the Limited Unilateral Termination Period even if the ten day notice period extends beyond the Limited Unilateral Termination Period and (ii) the Limited Unilateral Termination Period will expire on the earlier to occur of (x) the end of the sixty days, or (y) written notice to Adaptimmune from MD Anderson that the Agreement has been approved by the OGC.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall be earlier terminated (x) by mutual agreement of the parties, or (y) at any time upon sixty (60) days advance written notice to the other party.
After the Initial Term, this Agreement shall continue on a month to month basis until terminated by either party upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other setting forth the effective date of such termination.
Both parties may terminate this Agreement upon ninety ("90") days written notice to the other party at the address stated in this Agreement as per section 3 above.
This Agreement may also be terminated by either party upon ninety (90) days written notice.
Subject to the provisions of 11.1, Dynamic Hearing may terminate this Agreement upon three (3) months written notice to IntriCon of such termination.
This Agreement is effective on the Effective Date and shah continue in effect until the earlier of (a) the fifth (5t h) anniversary of the Effective Date, and (b) termination by either Party for any reason upon thirty (30) days' written notice to the other Party; provided, however, that no Party shall be able to terminate this Agreement so long as such Party is a Defaulting Party under this Agreement.
Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time with 30 days written notice.
Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time with 30 days written notice.
Either party may terminate this agreement at any time with 30 days written notice.
This Agreement may be terminated by either the PHL Parties, on the one hand, or ICC, on the other, with respect to Certificates that have not been issued as of the effective date of termination in the following manner:<omitted>By any of the PHL Parties, on the one hand, or ICC, on the other, providing one hundred and twenty (120) days prior written notice to the other Parties.
Termination for Convenience. [***].
Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof, the initial term of this Agreement ("Initial Term") will be ten (10) years from the Effective Date, provided that at any time following the 7th anniversary of such date, either party may terminate such strategic alliance upon not less than 60 days' prior written notice to the other party.
provided that at any time following the 7th anniversary of such date, either party may terminate such strategic alliance upon not less than 60 days' prior written notice to the other party.
If the Farids Group determines for any reason not to proceed with any proposed registration requested pursuant to Section 6.1, the Farids Group shall promptly notify the Company in writing.
Either party may terminate this Agreement, without cause, upon ninety (90) days prior written notice to the other party, provided, however, that all outstanding Work Orders shall continue to be governed by the terms and conditions hereof.
This Agreement may be terminated by Anixa, without cause, upon at least thirty (30) days written notice to OntoChem.
Both parties shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time, for any or for no reason, upon one hundred twenty (120) days written notice to the other party.
Subject to Section 18.7.2, Astellas may terminate this Agreement upon six (6) months notice to FG for any reason or no reason.
The Parties may terminate its performance of related obligations under this Agreement within thirty (30) days of receipt by the Party of written termination notice.
Notwithstanding Article 9.3., [CERES/IGER] will have the right to terminate this Agreement including the Program at any time with [three (3)] months' prior written notice.
During the term of this Agreement, Party A may terminate this Agreement at any time with a written notice to Party B 30 days before such termination.
This Agreement may be terminated subject to the following clauses: 1.1.1. By either Vendor or Distributor, upon written notice of termination of this Agreement no later than ninety (90) calendar days prior to the expiration of the relevant Term, then in effect;
Tripath or Distributor may terminate this Agreement for any reason with thirty days written notice.
Upon the occurrence of any of the following, WGT may terminate the Term by giving Distributor written notice of such termination for:<omitted>WGT giving Distributor ninety (90) days' advance written notice of termination at any time after the expiration of the Initial Term.
Upon the occurrence of any of the following, Distributor may terminate the Term by giving WGT written notice of such termination;<omitted>for convenience whether or not extended beyond the Initial Term, provided Distributor gives WGT thirty (30) days' advance written notice and, within such thirty (30) day period, Distributor pays to WGT a lump-sum payment equal to fifty (50%) of the unpaid balance of cumulative Guaranteed Minimum Purchase amounts.
Either party may terminate this agreement by providing Ninety days Written Notice.
The initial term of this Agreement shall be for a period of five (5) years from the date first set forth above and shall thereafter automatically renew for additional two (2) year terms unless a party provides the other party with notice of non-renewal no less than 6 months prior to the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term unless earlier terminated as follows:<omitted>13.1.3 By either party for any reason by providing six (6) months prior written notice expressly terminating this Agreement.
except as specifically described elsewhere in this agreement, either ITS or COMWARE shall have the right to terminate this Agreement with 30 days written notice from the other party, for any reason whatsoever.
Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in effect until terminated by either Party upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice.
This contract shall be for a term of one year commencing on the date first above written; thereafter, it shall automatically continue until terminated by either party upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party.
In the event that the Company desires to terminate the Agreement prior to the Termination Date, it shall provide AGI with at least 60 days prior written notice of its intention to terminate this Agreement and this Agreement shall so terminate following the expiration of this 60-day period, without any further responsibility by either Party except as provided in Section 5.
Commencing on the later of (i) [ * ] of the First Commercial Sale of the Binimetinib Product in the Ono Territory, or (ii) [ * ] of the First Commercial Sale of the Encorafenib Product in the Ono Territory, Ono shall have the right to terminate this Agreement, for any reasons by giving [ * ] advance written notice to Array which shall be accompanied by the rationale for such termination.
Achaogen may terminate this Agreement in its entirety, for any reason, by providing at least sixty (60) days prior written notice to Microgenics.
We will have the right to terminate the Ad Fund by giving you thirty (30) days' advance written notice.
Customer may terminate this Agreement (including all Service Option Attachments) or any Service Option Attachment (with the exception of any Service Option Attachment that is a prerequisite for the provision of Services under a non-terminated Service Option Attachment) for convenience at the end of any calendar month by: a. providing at least one month's prior written notice to IBM; and b. paying the applicable early termination charges, if any, specified in Attachment A and applicable Service Option Attachments.
If Customer disagrees with any such changes, Customer may in its sole discretion terminate this Agreement (or some or all of the affected Service Option Attachments) without the payment of termination charges upon notice to IBM at least thirty (30) days prior to the effective date of the applicable change.
Microsoft may terminate this Agreement at any time without cause upon [*] ([*]) days prior written notice.
This Agreement or any Project Plan may be terminated: (a) by Magenta for any reason upon [***] written notice to Bachem;
Either Party may terminate this Agreement hereunder for any reason at its convenience upon one hundred eighty (180) days prior written notice.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 3.2 or 3.3 of this Agreement, shall continue until the twentieth (20th) anniversary of the Effective Date; provided, however, (i) Operator shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Owner, if Operator provides a substitute operator acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, who (A) has experience operating similar assets, (B) has the ability to provide at least the same quality of service as Operator, (C) has the financial ability to perform the obligations hereunder, and (D) is ready, willing and able to execute an operation and maintenance agreement substantially similar to this Agreement and acceptable to Owner, as determined in its reasonable discretion, and (ii) Owner shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon no less than 120 days prior written notice to Operator.
AIG shall have the absolute right to terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice to the Company, which notice shall state the effective date of termination (the "Termination Date"); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that AIG agrees not to terminate this Agreement unless (a) AIG significantly modifies the corporate structure or ownership of the Company, or (b) AIG sells the Company to an acquirer (i) having a rating from at least one of S&P, Moody's, A.M. Best or a substitute agency, which is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization, that is at least equal to the lower of (x) AIG's then-current rating from such agency or (y) the Company's then-current rating as supported by this Agreement from such agency; or (ii) such that, immediately on the effective date of the sale by AIG of the Company, the Company's capitalization is consistent with the minimum capital adequacy standards and criteria of at least one of S&P, Moody's, A.M. Best or a substitute agency, which is a nationally recognized statistical rating organization, for a rating that is equal to or better than the Company's then-current rating on the date immediately preceding such sale.
Sparkling may terminate this Agreement at any time upon ninety (90) calendar days written notice to Garman.
Following expiry of the initial period described in Clause 15 above, DCL or SEV giving not less than six months notice in writing may terminate this Agreement.
However, any Party may terminate its participation in this Agreement at the end of the Initial Period or at any time thereafter by giving at least one year's prior notice, in writing, to the other remaining Parties.
LICENSEE may terminate this Agreement upon ninety (90) days written notice.
However, any Party may terminate its participation in this Agreement at the end of the Initial Period or any time thereafter by giving not less than one (1) year's prior notice thereof, in writing, to the other Parties.
This AGREEMENT and the licence granted hereunder shall terminate should any of the following events occur: 6. 2. 1. 30 (thirty) days after TELKOM gives SAP AFRICA written notice of TELKOM's wish to terminate this AGREEMENT for any reason. Any such termination shall be subject to accrued rights and obligations but only after payment of all Licence and Maintenance Fees then due and owing;
The Maintenance Services may be terminated by TELKOM in writing at any time upon 3 (three) months prior written notice.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may terminate this Agreement at any time without liability by providing one hundred eighty (180) days written notice to the other party.
Owner may terminate this Agreement at any time upon the occurrence of any of the following:<omitted>(e) Without cause on no less than seven (7) days prior written notice.
The Engagement Letter shall provide that the Bank may terminate its engagement at any time upon not less than 45 days' prior written notice to the other Parties.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this OMA may be terminated with or without cause at any time after the Effective Date and without liability or continuing obligation by any of the Parties hereto (i) by mutual written agreement of all of the Parties; and (ii) in writing by the Trust Advisors in their sole discretion.
EKR may terminate this Agreement for convenience at any time upon [**] ([**]) days prior, written notice to PPI.
At any time between the Agreement Date and July 1, 2015, EKR shall have the right, exercisable upon sixty (60) days prior written notice to PPI, to terminate the Lease Term and sell the Transferred Equipment back to PPI, subject to payment by PPI to EKR within five (5) days of such notice of $[**] in cash, which if exercised shall result in (i) an offset against the unpaid balance of principal and interest under the Promissory Note pursuant to Section 3.20(f) below; and (ii) the termination of the Step-in Right described in Section 17.5.
At any time after July 1, 2015, PPI shall have the right, exercisable upon sixty (60) days prior written notice to EKR, to terminate the Lease Term and repurchase the Transferred Equipment from EKR, subject to payment by PPI to EKR within five (5) days of such notice of any principal paid by EKR under the Promissory Note, which if exercised shall result in the termination of the Step-in Right set forth in Section 17.5.
Any Party hereto may terminate this Agreement at any time upon prior written notice.
Either party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time for any reason.
This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain in full force and effect until one (1) year subsequent to the Effective Date, provided however, that Tickets may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon thirty (30) days' notice to MP3. com at any time prior to the expiration of sixty (60) days subsequent to the Effective Date.
PivX may terminate this Agreement for convenience by giving at least thirty (30) days written notice of termination to Detto.
After the first year and upon 180 days written notice, Reseller may terminate the AMC.
This Agreement shall continue in force for a term of twelve (12) months from the Effective Date, unless terminated earlier under the provisions of this Article 8 (the "Term"); PROVIDED that TouchStar shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time after the Effective Date upon not less than fifteen (15) days' prior written notice to Reseller.
FUSION may terminate this Agreement by providing written notice to the CPDC where: (a) [***] following the Effective Date of this Supply Agreement, FUSION may terminate this Agreement without cause by providing CPDC with [***] prior written notice.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Supply Agreement, this Supply Agreement may be terminated: 10.2.1 in its entirety or with respect to one or more Products, on a Product-by-Product basis, by mutual written consent of Sutro and SutroVax; 10.2.2 in its entirety by a Party if the other Party materially breaches any of the material terms, conditions or agreements contained in this Supply Agreement to be kept, observed or performed by the other Party, by giving the Party who committed the breach [***] days' prior written notice, unless the notified Party shall have cured the breach within such [***]-day period; and 10.2.3 in its entirety or with respect to one or more Products, on a Product-by-Product basis, by SutroVax upon [***] days' prior written notice to Sutro for any reason.
Following the Initial Term, Vericel may, without penalty or prejudice to any other rights or remedies Vericel may have, in its sole discretion terminate or reduce the scope of any individual activities contemplated by this Agreement or any Additional Service or with respect to any Product or terminate this Agreement as a whole with or without cause, upon [***] prior written notice of such termination or reduction (which such written notice may be provided during the Initial Term).
NCC may terminate this Agreement by giving 60 days written notice to the Owner and the Licensee.
The Licensee may terminate this Agreement at any time by giving written notice to the Owner and NCC.
This Agreement may be terminated at any time without cause by either party upon ninety (90) days written notice to the other party.
This Agreement may be canceled at any time without cause, by either party upon ninety (90) days written notice to the other party.
Either Party may terminate this Agreement for any reason following the Initial Term upon ninety (90) days written notice to the other Party.
