All AT&T Affiliates receiving Material or Services under this Agreement and the federal government of the Location shall be express third party beneficiaries under this Agreement.
Ehave shall be a third party beneficiary hereunder, but shall not have any obligations to the End User thereunder.
Party and its suppliers shall be deemed to be third-party beneficiaries of this agreement, with the right to enforce the terms of this agreement.
The Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, will be third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement and may enforce this Agreement against the Depositor and the Servicer.
The parties agree that the Investment Advisor shall be a third party beneficiary of this Agreement, and shall have the rights and protections provided to the Licensee under this Agreement.
The parties agree that Investment Advisor shall be a third party beneficiary of this Agreement, and shall have the rights and protections provided to Licensee under this Agreement.
Upon the death of the Employee while this Agreement is in force, the Employee's beneficiary as named in the Beneficiary Designation Form on page 6 (or as it may be amended according to the terms set forth on page 6) for this Agreement will be entitled to receive from the Policy proceeds an amount equal to the lesser of: (a) (two (2) times the Employee's annualized base salary at the time of death as provided by the Employer's payroll department) plus $100,000, reduced by any amount payable under the Employer's group term life insurance plan, or (b) the Net Amount At Risk.
Upon the death of the Employee, proceeds shall be paid in one sum to the Owner, its successors or assigns, to the extent of its interest in the Policy as described in the Agreement.
Member hereby acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Agreement with the right to enforce it, independently or jointly with Franchisee.
Party is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Contract.
Lessor and Lessee expressly agree that bw-3 is a third party beneficiary of this Addendum.
Other System franchisees shall be deemed third party beneficiaries of such.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, both the Owner and Servicer agree that the Agent shall be deemed to be a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement and has the authority to enforce the provisions hereof.
This Agreement does not and is not intended to confer any rights upon any person other than the Parties, except that it is expressly agreed that Party and Party are intended third party beneficiaries of Section 8.
Each of the parties agree that the foregoing indemnities also apply for the benefit of the Party (and its affiliates), Party, the owner and operator of Location and their respective officials, officers, partners, agents and employees, who shall be deemed third party beneficiaries of this Agreement for the purpose of enforcing these indemnity obligations.
Any successor of any party or of any such controlling person, or any legal representative of such controlling person, as the case may be, shall be entitled to the benefit of the respective indemnity and contribution agreements.
Notwithstanding Section 16.18 of the Outsourcing Base Agreement, Party is an intended third party beneficiary of this Attachment 6 only, with full rights to enforce the terms of this Attachment 6 on its own behalf, but only to the extent that the terms of this Attachment 6 pertains to the Party Software Images and related Party documentation.
Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement and with the exception of the Affiliates of Party, the Parties do not intend the benefits of this Agreement to inure to any third party, and nothing contained herein shall be construed as creating any right, claim or cause of action in favor of any such other third party, against either of the Parties hereto.
With respect to any Indemnified Party who is not a party to this Agreement, the Agents shall obtain and hold the rights and benefits of this Section 11 in trust for and on behalf of such Indemnified Party.
There are no Third Party beneficiaries under this Agreement, except to the extent a Third Party is indemnified pursuant to Article 12 (Indemnification; Insurance); provided that, in no event will any Third Party entitled to indemnification pursuant to Article 12 (Indemnification; Insurance) be allowed to enforce the terms thereof against a Party.
Except as expressly stated herein with respect to members of each Party, no person or entity not a Party to this Agreement (including, without limitation, any employee of either Party or the Party) shall be a third-party beneficiary of any provision of this Agreement, and nothing contained herein shall be construed or deemed to confer any benefit or right upon any third party.
Such covenants shall be in a form satisfactory to us, including, without limitation, specific identification of us as a third party beneficiary of such covenants with the independent right to enforce them.
You shall include in the standard Unit Franchise Agreement used by you a provision which states that we are a third-party beneficiary to the Unit Franchise Agreement and are entitled to the rights granted in this Section 13.
You and we acknowledge and agree that we are a third-party beneficiary to all Unit Franchise Agreements between you and Unit Franchisees in the Master Territory, and that we shall have the right to assume any of your responsibilities, duties or functions under such Unit Franchise Agreements in the event that this Agreement expires or is terminated for any reason.
Every covenant required by this Section 7.6 shall be in a form satisfactory to us, including, without limitation, specific identification of us as a third party beneficiary of such covenants with an independent right to enforce them.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, each of the Indemnified Parties has relied on this Section 13.9, is an express third party beneficiary of this Section 13.9 and is entitled to enforce the obligations of the applicable Indemnified Parties under this Section 13.9 directly against such Indemnified Parties to the full extent thereof.
Except as set forth in Sections 10.3 and 10.4, nothing in this Agreement is intended to confer benefits, rights or remedies unto any person or entity other than the Parties and their permitted successors and assigns.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Party may assign this Agreement or any portion of its Compensation as outlined herein to its subsidiaries in its sole discretion.
It is expressly agreed by the Parties that the Lenders shall be third party beneficiaries of Section 4.09, Section 6.03, Section 8.02(b), Section 8.04, Section 8.05 and this Section 8.13
Nothing in this AGREEMENT shall be construed to confer any right, privilege or benefit on, or to otherwise create any vested right or third-party beneficiary relationship with any person or entity not a party to the AGREEMENT, unless otherwise provided in this AGREEMENT.
Other than Affiliates of a Party, nothing expressed or implied in this IP Agreement is intended or will be construed to confer upon or give any Person other than the Parties any rights or remedies under or by reason of this IP Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby.
It is understood that Party is not a party hereto and has no liability hereunder but is an intended specific third party creditor beneficiary hereof.
Member hereby acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Agreement with the right to enforce it, independently or jointly with Franchisee.
Such covenants must be on a form that we provide, which form will, among other things, designate us as a third party beneficiary of such covenants with the independent right to enforce them.
Franchisor, along with its successors and assigns, is an intended third party beneficiary of the provisions of this Addendum.
Lessor and Lessee expressly agree that Franchisor is a third party beneficiary of this Addendum.
Except as expressly provided in Section 8, this Agreement does not create any intended third party beneficiary rights.
Party. ("Party") shall be a direct and intended third-party beneficiary to this Agreement.
This Agreement and the terms and provisions hereof are for the sole benefit of only those persons, except that (A) the representations, warranties, indemnities and agreements of the Issuers contained in this Agreement shall also be deemed to be for the benefit of the officers, directors and employees of the Partymarketing Party and the person or persons, if any, who control the Partymarketing Party within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act; and (B) any indemnity agreement of the Partymarketing Party contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to be for the benefit of directors, trustees, officers and employees of the Company, and the Party, and any person controlling the Company or the Party within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act.
