COMPANY'S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE LIABILITY FOR THE WARRANTY PROVIDED IN LocationBPARAGRAH (A) HEREOF SHALL BE TO CORRECT THE TECHNOLOGY TO OPERATE IN LocationBSTANTIAL ACCORDANCE WITH ITS THEN CURRENT SPECIFICATIONS OR REPLACE, AT ITS OPTION, THE TECHNOLOGY NOT IN COMPLIANCE WITH COMPANY'S AND COMPANY' PUBLISHED SPECIFICATIONS REGARDING THE TECHNOLOGY; PROVIDED, ANY CLAIM FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY UNDER LocationBPARAGRAPH (A) HEREOF MUST BE MADE IN WRITING WITHIN (90) DAYS FROM DATE OF SHIPMENT.
Within Seven (7) days of receipt of such Products, Distributor will notify Company of any shortages, defects, non-conformance, and Company will promptly replace such Products free of charge.
The Distributor shall have thirty (30) days (the "Inspection Period") upon receipt of each shipment to inspect and test the Products.
The warranty period for workmanship and all Services provided<omitted>hereunder, including the Build Services contemplated in the Build Addendum, shall commence upon Location Acceptance of the applicable Cell Site and continue for a period equal to [***] from Location Acceptance of the applicable Cell Site (the "Workmanship Warranty Period").
The warranty period for all Material (excluding AT&T Provided Equipment) shall commence upon Delivery of such Material to Vendor from the PartyEM and shall continue for a period equal to the longer of (i) [***] or (ii) the applicable warranty period actually received by Vendor from the PartyEM for such Material Vendor acquired directly from the PartyEM, including the Vendor Provided Equipment as defined in the Build Addendum (the "Material Warranty Period").
"Warranty Period" means, (i) for each Partyloom System, the period beginning on the day following the date that the "Warranty Period" for such Partyloom System under and as defined in the MESPA has expired and ending on the twenty-first (21st) anniversary of the date of Commencement of Operations for such Partyloom System and (ii) for the Party, the period beginning on the day following the date that the Section 8.2(b) Warranty for such Party has expired and ending on the twenty-first (21st) anniversary of such starting date.
In the case of a claim relating to the Power Performance Warranty for a One-Year Power Performance Warranty Period, upon receipt of such notice and verification that such One-Year Power Performance Warranty is applicable, Operator shall make a payment to Owner in an amount to be calculated pursuant to Section 2.6; provided that the cumulative aggregate amount of Operator's liability for all claims under this Section 2.5(c) shall not exceed [***] of the aggregate Purchase Price of all Bloom Systems in the Portfolio during the applicable period and the purchase price under the December 30 Bill of Sale (inclusive of any amounts paid or for which a pending claim has been made under the Power Performance Warranty or the Section 8.2(b) Warranty, as applicable, under the MESPA).
Contractor represents and warrants that, for the Warranty Period, the Products (i) will be free from defects in workmanship, material (only to the same extent as the original manufacturer of the material warrants the Contractor), and manufacture; (ii) will comply the Specifications IPC610.B standard (in all material respects and unless otherwise was instructed by Customer).
For the purpose of this Agreement, "Warranty Period" shall mean twelve (12) months as of the date of delivery to Customer.
Within [***] days after receipt of the Licensed Products and/or their matching placebo hereunder, Party may, in its discretion, perform a quality control test (the "Product Test") in accordance with the methods of the test on such Licensed Products and/or their matching placebo for acceptance (the "Product Test Methods"), which shall be separately agreed in writing by and between Dong-A and Party and attached hereto as Exhibit B, as may be amended by the Parties' agreement in writing from time to time.
Party shall provide Party with written notification of any shortfalls in shipment quantity, and (a) any out-of-specification temperature excursions based on the downloaded data logger information following compliance with the provisions of the Quality Agreement, and/or (b) any failure of the Product to meet the Specifications which are apparent upon visual inspection and/or identification testing of the Product delivered to it by Party (each of (a) and (b) being an "Apparent Defect"), such notification to be provided within thirty (30) Working Days of receipt of the Product at Party's warehouse, accompanied by samples of any such allegedly defective Product and any such Product shall not be removed from quarantine until their status is resolved.
In the event that a defect is not apparent upon visual inspection during the shelf life of the Product ("Hidden Defect"), Party shall use commercially reasonably best efforts to provide Party with written notification within thirty (30) Working Days of discovering the same, to be accompanied by samples of any such allegedly defective Product, if such samples are available In the event of any failure by Party to provide Party with written notification of any such shortfall, Apparent Defect or Hidden Defect within the respective aforementioned periods, it shall be deemed as Party having accepted the relevant consignment.
Customer may reject any Non-Complying Product or Product that is not delivered to Customer in accordance with this Agreement by providing written notice of such rejection to Manufacturer within seventy-five (75) days following Customer's receipt of any Delivery of Product hereunder; provided, however, that Customer may, until the expiry date for a Product, provide notice of rejection of any Delivery of such Product having (i) latent defects, (ii) any defects that are not reasonably discoverable by Customer through standard inspection and testing of Products or (iii) defects caused by the breach by Manufacturer of any of its representations or warranties under this Agreement (collectively, "Latent Defects"); provided, further, that, and notwithstanding the foregoing, Customer shall notify Manufacturer within sixty (60) days after Customer first becomes aware of any such Latent Defect.
Manufacturer may reject any Non-Complying Product by (i) providing Customer with no less than sixty (60) days' prior written notice of Manufacturer's intention to reject such Non-Complying Product along with the documentation set forth in Section 4.7, (ii) meeting with Customer at Customer's request to discuss the basis for the proposed rejection of the subject Non-Complying Product, and (iii) providing Customer with notice of rejection in the event that Manufacturer rejects the subject Non- Complying Product at the end of such sixty (60) day period (or such other time frame as the parties may agree upon).
Todos warrants that for a period of one (1) year from the date of delivery of each Product to the Reseller, the Product, except for those components that have a shorter expiration date as set forth on Exhibit A, shall perform substantially in accordance with the Product's documentation and specifications, and shall be free from all defects in materials, manufacture, and workmanship.
Customer or its designees shall, within a period of [* * *] after the date of physical receipt of any shipment of Product from Supplier, inspect the Product for any shortages or any defects or deviations of the Product
"Warranty Period" means a period of [***]from the relevant Supplier's shipment of the Product.
If a Product fails to comply with the foregoing warranty, the relevant Supplier shall, at its option, either [***]such Product, or, in the event the foregoing options are not commercially practicable, [***]to the Company any amounts paid for the applicable Product.
Each of the Suppliers warrants that the Products shall comply with the specifications and documentation agreed by the relevant Supplier and the Company in writing that is applicable to such Products for the Warranty Period.
The Customer shall inspect all Products promptly upon receipt thereof and may reject any defective Product, provided that the Customer shall within seven (7) days after receipt of such alleged defective Product, notify the Manufacturer of its rejection and either: (i) request to destroy in field for credit of the value of the defective product and the associated shipping costs (with approval), or (ii) request a Return Material Authorization ("RMA") number and within seven (7) days of receipt of the RMA number from the Manufacturer return such rejected Product to the Manufacturer.
Within 7 days after the arrival of the goods at destination, should the quality, specification, or quantity be found not in conformity with the stipulations of the Contract except those claims for which the insurance company or the owners of the vessel are liable, the Buyers, on the strength of the Inspection Certificate issued by the Party, have the right to claim for replacement with new goods, or for compensation, and all the expenses (such as inspection charges, freight for returning the goods and for sending the replacement, insurance premium, storage and loading and unloading charges etc.) shall be borne by the Sellers.
The developer will fix any bugs that may come up from the original contract after the 90 days warranty has passed.
The Developer hereby warrants and represents that following delivery of the Application System to the Client (which shall be deeded to occur only on the date the Web Application is uploaded to the Party for distribution) pursuant to Exhibit A (the "Support Period"), the Application will be free from programming errors and defects in workmanship and materials, and will conform to the specifications of Exhibit A
90 days warranty (bugfixing) support is included.
If programming errors or other defects are discovered during the Support Period, the Developer shall promptly remedy those errors or defects at its own expense.
Unless Partyquidmetal notifies Party that the Partyquidmetal Product does not meet the Specifications within thirty (30) calendar days after receipt of the Partyquidmetal Product, then the Partyquidmetal Product shall be deemed Accepted.
Qualigen shall provide to Party and for the benefit of Party's customers of Products a standard commercial written warranty that the Products will be free of defects in materials or workmanship starting from the date the Product has been received by Party's customer and ending after the length of time stated for the applicable Product on Exhibit D hereto (the "User Warranty").
Change Orders do not however cover any bug or glitch fixing produced out of the code written by Developer as any "bug" will be fixed by Developer for free up to 3 months after final delivery (Bug Fixing Warranty).
PartyR warrants that, for the period of twelve (12) months from the date of delivery to Distributor hereunder (the "Warranty Period"), the Products will meet PartyR's published specifications or labeling for such Products as in effect at the time of such delivery ("Warranty").
Party shall pay for the return or replacement shipment to Partystributor of Products repaired or replaced under the Warranty.
Such warranty shall commence upon shipment to the End User.
Party shall provide to its Resellers, [*****] all warranty service for a minimum<omitted>of the warranty period set forth in the published Product warranty provided with the original Product.
During the Party warranty period, Party may return failed Product to Party for replacement.
Warranty service will consist of Software and Hardware replacement service as follows:

3.3.1 Software Service. Party will use reasonable efforts to provide work​ around solutions or implement a Party-provided patch. Party will use reasonable effort to make latest release of all Party available to its resellers.

3.3.2 Hardware Advance Replacement. Party will ship replacement parts and/or Product to its Resellers in accordance with Party's then- current published Product warranty applicable to the particular Product.

3.4 Returns Coordination. Party will comply with the following: 3.4.1 Party shall coordinate the return of all failed parts and/or Product, freight and insurance prepaid, to the Party repair center specified by Party.

3.4.2 Party shall comply with the following RMA procedure: 3.4.2.1 Party will ensure all Products are properly packaged prior to being shipped, and will include a written description of the failure and specification of any changes or alterations made to the Product. Product returned to Party will conform in quantity and serial number to the RMA request.

3.4.2.2 Party shall tag each Product returned with the RMA transaction number and a brief description of the problem.

3.4.2.3 Party will not accept any Product returned which is not accompanied by an RMA number.

3.4.3 Title and risk of loss to failed Product and parts transfers to Party upon delivery to the Party repair center specified by Party.

3.5 Reseller Support. Party will ensure Reseller has all appropriate support as follows: 3.5.1 Party shall provide competent technical support staff to support the Product so as to ensure that the Reseller is able to provide the necessary support to the End User Reseller.

3.5.2 Reseller Frontline Support. Party will use best efforts to ensure that its Resellers provide high quality front-line support.

3.5.3 [*****] Party is not responsible for any claims arising from failure by Distributor's Resellers to provide this support.

3.5.4 Resale of Party Brand Services. Where available, Party will offer for purchase by its Resellers, all appropriate Party brand support products through its normal products availability process.
In addition to the written limited warranty provided by Party with its Products, such warranty statement shall apply to Distributor during the period between when it receives a Product and when it resells or redistributes such Product,
Party warrants that commencing from the date of shipment to Customer (but in case of resale by an authorized Party reseller, commencing not more than ninety (90) days after original shipment by Party), and continuing for a period of the longer of (a) ninety (90) days or (b) the software warranty period (if any) set forth in the warranty card accompanying the Product (if any): (a) the media on which the Software is furnished will be free of defects in materials and workmanship under normal use; and (b) the Software substantially conforms to its published specifications.
Upon receipt from Party of the proposed Bridge Site design and content, Party shall have no more than five (5) business days in which to provide Party with its acceptance or rejection of the design and content. If Party does not receive Party's acceptance or rejection of such within the allotted time, Party shall deem Party's silence as acceptance.
"WARRANTY PERIOD" - Thirteen (13) months from the Shipment Date of           the Product subject matter of the warranty, unless agreed otherwise by           the parties in writing.<omitted>Contractor warrants to Party that each of the                Products manufactured, configured or tested by Contractor will                have been manufactured, configured and tested in conformance with                the Specifications therefor as provided by Party and be free from                defects in workmanship or material for the Warranty Period.
Should Party not supply the Services as agreed or should the Services become defective within 6 months from their delivery to Party, Party may at its option require Party to complete or re-perform the Services within a reasonable period of time, rescind the contract or refuse payment of the compensation in part or in total, notwithstanding any damage claims.
Party will warrant all Party Procured Parts for [*] months unless                   otherwise stated in the applicable Product Attachment, or                   agreed to by Party in writing.
Party will warrant its workmanship for [*] months unless other                   stated in the applicable Product Attachment.
If Party has not notified Party of any defects in a unit of Product             within [*] Days of receipt, such unit shall<omitted>be deemed to be accepted.
All of the above described warranty periods will commence on the             date that the Products containing the above Parts are delivered to             Party.
Party.piphany further warrants that its Maintenance, training and Professional Services will be rendered consistent with generally accepted industry standards for a period of ninety (90) days from performance of such services.
E.piphany warrants that for a period of one (1) year from Effective Date, the Application as used within the scope of this Agreement will perform substantially in accordance with the functions described in the Documentation.
E.piphany warrants the Application media is free from material defects in materials and workmanship under normal use for ninety (90) days from the applicable Order Form.
For used PartyUs and Main Elements repaired and overhauled by the Repairer, the warranty period shall start on the date of Delivery and shall end [*****] thereafter, whichever occurs the earliest, and such warranty shall be subject to the exclusions of warranty set forth in Exhibit 10 ("PartyUs Repair Party") and in Exhibit 11 ("Main Elements Partys").
No-charge Maintenance Services shall be provided from the Delivery Date through the Warranty Period.<omitted>WARRANTY PERIOD DURATION<omitted>120 days
This warranty shall not be affected by Party's modification of the Software so long as Supplier can discharge its warranty obligations notwithstanding such modifications or following their removal by Party.
Supplier's recovery objectives shall not exceed the following during any recovery period:

 A. Time to Full Restoration from time of disruption event: 4 hours

 B. Maximum Data Loss (stated in hours) from time of disruption event: 24 hours

 C. Percentage Reduction of Service levels: 50% during the 24 hour recovery period
Following expiration of the Warranty Period and for so long as Party has contracted Supplier to provide Maintenance Services, Supplier represents and warrants that the Software shall remain Operative.
If the Software is not Operative at the expiration of the initial Warranty Period, the Warranty Period shall be extended until Supplier makes the Software Operative.
Supplier hereby represents and warrants that the Software shall be and shall remain Operative, from the Delivery Date through the end of the Warranty Period.
Within the said [***] days, Party shall notify Party of either: (i) its approval and acceptance of such batch sample ("Acceptance Sample Notice"); or (ii) its rejection of the batch sample in which case Party shall detail the reason(s) for the rejection of any such Bromelain SP sample
Party shall have the right, for a period of [***] days following receipt, to reject any Bromelain SP sample which:   6.4.1 fails to comply with Party's purchase order; or   6.4.2 fails to comply with the sample incoming inspection Specifications.
In respect of failure to meet the Specifications, if Products do not comply with the warranties set forth in clause 7.1, Customer may then, after having consulted Party as to the most appropriate remedy, elect reasonably to have Products: i. returned to Party for repair or replacement; ii. repaired or replaced by Party in the field; or iii. repaired or replaced by Customer in the field, including Products in distributor inventory and Customer's installed base; or<omitted>iv. returned to Party in exchange for a full refund of the purchase price for the non-conforming Products paid under this Agreement.
Products repaired or replaced by Party within the Warranty Term are warranted for the remainder of the original Warranty Term of said Products.
Party represents and warrants to Customer that all Products delivered and any services provided hereunder: i. conform to the Specifications on the Delivery Date [Redacted - Commercially Sensitive]; ii. unless otherwise agreed with Customer in writing, are new (do not contain any used or reconditioned parts or materials) and fit for the purposes for which they are intended; iii. are of sound workmanship, good quality and free from defects in construction, manufacture and material [Redacted - Commercially Sensitive]; iv. the manufacturing and shipment of the Product comply in all respects with applicable Laws, regulations, certification requirements, including health and safety standards and all other applicable regulatory requirements for the manufacture and shipment of Products; v. are free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, and other Claims against title; and vii. comply in all respects with the terms of this Agreement and the applicable Purchase Orders.
Without prejudice to any other rights accruing under this Agreement or law, the warranties set forth in clause 7.1 will extend for a period of [Redacted - Commercially Sensitive - Warranty Details].
Except in the case of latent defects as described in Section 7.3, each shipment of Party Products shall be deemed accepted by Party if Party or its designated recipient of the shipment does not provide Party with written notice of rejection (a "Rejection Notice") within [...***...] days from the date of receipt of the relevant shipment of Party Product, describing the reasons for the rejection and the non-conforming characteristics of such Rejected Product in reasonable detail.
Notification to Party by Party must occur within [...***...] days after Party or Party's designated recipient of the shipment becomes aware or reasonably should have become aware that the Party Product fails to comply with the Party Product Warranty.
Once a Delivery of Party Products is accepted or deemed accepted hereunder, Party shall have no recourse against Party in the event any such Party Product is subsequently deemed unsuitable for use for any reason, except for Party Product that does not conform to the Party Product Warranty after said 30-day period due to a latent defect in the Party Product that could not be detected through the performance of the Testing Methods.
Further, Party shall have a period of [...***...] days from the date of Delivery to<omitted>perform, or have its Affiliate, Subcontractor, or Licensee (as the case may be) perform, incoming quality assurance testing on each shipment of Partyltenyi Product in accordance with the Party-approved quality control testing procedures as set forth in the Product Specifications or the Quality Agreement, as applicable (the "Testing Methods"), to verify conformance with the Product Specifications.
Party shall promptly, but in no event later than three (3) days after the date of such purchase order, confirm its acceptance or rejection of such purchase order by written notice to Party.
For claims regarding the quantity or quality of Hydrocarbons, these shall be presented in writing at the latest within fifteen (15) calendar days  after the date of delivery or withdrawal of the Hydrocarbon or the date in which the report for the Volumetric Compensation for Quality is issued.
Party warrants that the Distribution Products will for a period of [ * ] from the date of their supply to Distributor be free from any defect  which has a materially adverse effect on their use or operation.
Except as otherwise provided herein and as set forth in Section 2.5, Party shall have [...***...] after the date of Party's receipt of Product, for all claims arising out of or relating to any Latent Defects and to reject such delivered Product for Latent Defects; provided, however that Party shall only be permitted to reject the Product if the Acceptance Criteria are not met.
In the event Party rejects the Product for Obvious Defects or Latent Defects as provided above, Party shall have the right to sample and retest the Product, which shall be done as soon as<omitted>practicable, provided that, if Party does not notify Party in writing of its election to retest the Product within [...***...] after notice of rejection from Party, Party shall be deemed to agree with Party's rejection of the Product. I
Notice of all claims arising out of or relating to Obvious Defects shall be given in writing to Party within [...***...] after the date of Party's receipt of Product, otherwise, such Product shall be considered free of any Obvious Defects as between Party and Party.
The above warranties are valid for a period of [***] from the date of shipment of any Licensed Product to any customer.
The Company hereby warrants that all Products sold to the





Customer hereunder, at the time of shipment to the Customer, (a) will be merchantable and of generally commercially salable quality; and (b) will have a then remaining shelf life of at least twelve (12) months. The Company further    8

                                    -7-

warrants that the Products have been manufactured, labeled and packaged, and when in the Company's possession or under its control, have been handled, stored and shipped, in compliance with all applicable federal, state and local laws. The Customer's exclusive remedy for a breach of any of the foregoing warranties will be the replacement, at the delivery point thereof, freight prepaid, of any Product furnished hereunder that fails to meet the foregoing standards. In no event will the Company be liable for incidental or consequential damages. All claims by the Customer and/or Agent under this Paragraph 2.6 must be submitted in accordance with the Company's published bulletins concerning such claims, as such bulletins may be amended by the Company from time to time and furnished to the Agent.
Additionally, Zanotti shall offer to end-users the option to purchase extended warranty coverage for an additional  twenty-four (24) months - making the total warranty period sixty (60) months.
At all times during the Term of this Agreement, Party shall warrant the Products to purchasers of Party in  accordance with the terms of its standard warranty attached hereto as Exhibit "C"  ("End User Warranty"), as such End User Warranty may be  modified from time to time by Party, provided however that at no time shall such End User Warranty provide for a warranty coverage period of  less than thirty-six (36) months from the time of purchase by the initial end-user.
If within one (1) year from the date of completion of Work acceptance, or within one (1) year from the completion of all other work or services and acceptance by Party (or within any longer materials warranty period as set forth above), any defects exists or arise, then in each case upon receipt of notice of such defect, Subcontractor shall (unless Party chooses another remedy) promptly cause such defect(s) to be repaired or remedied at Subcontractor's sole cost and expense, including but not limited to the costs of transportation, uncovering, removal, disposal, replacement, correction, installation and covering.
These warranties extend to the future performance of the materials and shall continue for the longer of (a) the warranty period applicable to Party' sales to Customer of the material or of products which incorporate the material, (b) one year after the material is accepted by Party or (c) such greater period as may be specified elsewhere in this Agreement. Repaired and replacement material shall be warranted as set forth above in this clause.
Supply of drugs/medications and spare parts during and after the warranty period.
In the event that any portion of the shipment fails to conform to the Product Specifications, Party shall notify Party within [ * ] of Party' receipt of such shipment.
If Party detects at any time any defect in the Lead Compound which has not been found through Party' inspection, it shall notify Party to that effect within [ * ] of the discovery of such defect, and the procedures set forth above in this Section 12.7 shall be applied to such defective Lead Compound, provided, that Party shall only be responsible to pay for costs of defects that are the result of Party's gross negligence or willful misconduct.
In the absence of such notification, Party shall be deemed to have accepted the shipment.
The warranty period for any item of Equipment and related Software shall be twelve (12) months from the date of delivery of such Equipment and related Software to Distributor as set forth in Paragraph 8.1 (hereinafter, this period of time shall be referred to as the "Initial Warranty Period.")
Party's obligation and Distributor's sole remedy under this warranty are limited to the replacement or repair, at Party's option, of the defective Equipment or Software within the Initial Warranty Period.
Party warrants that, following repair or replacement, the repaired or replaced Equipment or Software by Party shall be free from defects in materials and faulty workmanship and that the Software will conform in all material respects to Party's published specifications therefor for ninety (90) days from date of shipment from Party to Distributor or until the end of the Initial Warranty Period, whichever is longer.
Subject to the provisions of this warranty clause, defective parts or components must be returned by Distributor to Party's designated facility located within the contiguous 48 states in the Location, freight prepaid, within the Initial Warranty Period, and said defective parts will be repaired or replaced by Party at no charge to Distributor.
Party will provide a warranty to each Customer that the Products will be free from material defects and  perform substantially in accordance with the written Specifications provided by Party as reflected in the regulatory  clearance at the time of sale for a period of one (1) year following Installation of the Products at Customer's facility, but not  to exceed eighteen (18) months following shipment of such Products to Distributor ("Warranty Period").
Notwithstanding Section 4.6.2 and any obligations according to law, for a period of 10 years following  Installation of a System, Accuray will provide to Customer, without charge, Safety Updates with respect to any hardware or  software included in the System.
Notwithstanding Section 4.6.2, for a period of 10 years following Installation of a System, Partyuray will  provide to Customer, without charge, Bug Fixes with respect to any software included in the System.
Company further warrants all Products to be free from defects in material or workmanship under normal use and service for a period of ninety (90) days from the date of delivery. Any defects must be replaced by the Company within sixty (60) days within this scope of the warranty and all charges for labor and material, will be borne by Company
Vendor will provide an initial supply of spare Products and parts as Distributor may reasonably required in accordance with Sections 8 and 10.3 to permit Distributor to offer a six-month warranty on the Products to customers and to enable Distributor to provide a warranty service to customers
Although Vendor intends to provide a six-month limited warranty to the end user, Distributor shall make no warranties or representations with respect to the Products on behalf of Vendor
Distributor may, no later than one hundred and twenty (120) calendar days after a Product is sold by Distributor to a customer, return to Vendor, at Distributor's expense, any Product received by Distributor from Vendor during the 120-day period prior to such return, which Distributor or its customer believes to be defective.
Party provides an end user limited warranty for retail Products, and one-year limited warranty for OEM products.
For OEM Products, Party warrants that the Products will be free of manufacturing and workmanship defects for one year from the date of shipment by Distributor to a customer, or eighteen months from the date of shipment to Distributor, whichever is sooner.
In order to receive the remedy provided for hereunder, Distributor shall





     deliver to Party a sample of the Product which Distributor finds to be      defective in workmanship or materials, or damaged in shipment prior to      Distributor assuming the risk of loss or damage , along with a written      explanation of the alleged defect within thirty (30) days from the later of      Distributor's initial receipt of such Product from Party or from the delivery      of such Product to an end-user.
For ninety (90) days after delivery of a Product to Distributor, Developer warrants that media upon which the Products are delivered shall be of good quality and workmanship.
In the event that Company is unable or unwilling to                   promptly  perform any warranty work without  reasonable  cause                   and following  full and fair  opportunity  to do so, or in the                   event of the necessity  for  emergency  repairs of a defective                   Product  for  which  there  is no  reasonable  possibility  of                   performance by Company,  Distributor may perform such warranty                   work or hire a third party to perform such  warranty  work and                   the reasonable cost thereof shall be paid by Company.
Company  further  warrants that the                   Products sold hereunder  shall be free from defects in design,                   materials and  workmanship  for a period of  twenty-four  (24)                   months after delivery to Distributor's  end-user.
The  Company  represents  that,  to the  best  of its                            knowledge,  Products are in compliance with all laws,                            and  that  the  Products  will  not be  hazardous  or                            dangerous  when  used  for  their  intended  purpose.                            Products  do not  cause  harmful  emissions  or other                            environmental  hazards and Products do not violate or                            infringe any patents, copyrights, trademarks or other                            rights  of  nay  third  party(ies).
The Company reserves the                   right to reject any Products  that are not factory  sealed and                   in new and unused  condition.
If Company does not give Annual                            Notice  pursuant to Section  3.1 hereof,  Distributor                            may, within 90 days of  modification,  improvement or                            alteration,  return the Products to the Company.
If, within the twenty-four  (24) month warranty                   period set forth above,  Company  received from Distributor or                   any of  Distributor's  end-user's  a notice  which may be oral                   notice  confirmed in writing)  that any of the  Products  sold                   hereunder do not meet the Warranties  specified above, Company                   shall  thereupon  correct  each such defect by  providing  the                   necessary repairs,  and/or replacement parts, or if necessary,                   Products.
The                            Company shall not have any obligation with respect to                            Products  after  365  days   following   delivery  to                            Distributor, except as provided herein.
In the event of any  damages or                            other  defect in a  Product  which is  discovered  by                            Distributor   within   365   days   of   satisfactory                            installation  of  a  Product  at  Distributor's  or a                            subdistributor's   customer,  the  Distributor  shall                            promptly   report  the  same  to  the   Company   and                            reasonably  demonstrate the defect to the Company.
PPG          SHANGHAI will not accept any claims for discrepancy in delivery beyond          the 48 hours period.
If Products are found damaged upon delivery,          Party or its customers who directly receive the delivery shall          report to PartyG Party in writing within 48 hours.
In case of discrepancy found in Products





         delivered, Party shall report to PartyG Party in writing,          detailing all the discrepancies within 48 hours after delivery.
Any rejection or revocation of acceptance by Buyer (a) must be made within thirty (30) days of the products being made available for shipment to Buyer, (b) any attempted rejection or revocation of acceptance made thereafter shall be null and void, and (c) any rejection or revocation of acceptance shall comply with Seller's return protocol.
Party  Products  are  warranted  free from  defects of material or      workmanship  for 3 years after  shipment from the  manufacturer.  Equipment      purchased from Party, which becomes defective within that time period will be      repaired by Party at its  headquarters  in San  Antonio,  Location at no cost to      COMWARE  beyond cost of shipping  the  equipment  to Party.
Party will provide free technical support to customers who have           purchased Party systems for a period of 30 days.
The first year warranty starts with the date of shipment      and terminates on the anniversary of the first year.
Replacement or repaired units will be returned to      the Party within 14 working days of receipt of a defective unit at      Party's cost.
Any implied warranties of the Licensed Software are LIMITED to one year starting from the date of purchase or for the period described in the contractual agreement with the Party.
Wireless Links (WLI) warrants to the original end user purchaser ("You") that the Equipment will be free from defects in workmanship and materials ("Limited Warranty") for a period of one (1) year from the date of the purchase of the Equipment (the "Warranty Period").
Party at





its discretion will repair or replace the Equipment in accordance with the terms of this limited warranty and send it back to you.
Any implied warranties of the Licensed Software are LIMITED to one year      starting from the date it was shipped to the integrator or starting with      the date specified as the starting date in the leasing and / or purchase      agreement with the Integrator.
Within 14 days from discovery of a defect, the Integrator shall notify Party      in writing of said defect.
Party will provide a one year limited warranty      for its hardware products as per the terms and conditions described in      "Attachment B".
In addition, during the warranty period and/or duration of this agreement Party from time to time may furnish Party with further releases of the Licensed Programs to provide corrections of significant programming or software errors.
The first year limited warranty starts on the day of the activation of the Party on a wireless network.
Owner shall, before and at commencement of each voyage by any vessel under this Agreement, exercise commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that such vessel is seaworthy and in good operating condition, properly manned, equipped and supplied for the voyage, to ensure that the pipes, pumps and coils tight, staunch, are in good operating condition and fit for the voyage, and to ensure that the tanks and other spaces in which product is to be carried are in good operating condition and fit for the carriage and preservation of the same.
In the event that Party reasonably objects to a proposed usage of the Product Trademark(s), it shall give written notice of such objection to Ono within sixty (60) days of receipt of such sample, specifying the way in which such usage of its Product Trademark(s) fails to meet the style, usage or quality standards for the Product or Product Trademark set forth in the first two sentences of this Section 12.4(c).
Party will replace any         defective media returned to Party during the Warranty Period.
If during the Warranty Period the         Party and Party.net Party does not perform in substantial         compliance with the Documentation, Party shall take all         commercially reasonable efforts to correct the Party and         Party.net Party, or if correction of the Party and         Party.net Party is reasonably not possible, replace such Party         and Party.net Party free of charge.
In addition,         Party warrants that during the Warranty Period the Party and         MarketSite.net Service is free of any willfully introduced computer         virus, or any other similar harmful, malicious or hidden program or         data, which is designed to disable, erase, or alter the Party, or any         other files, data, or software.
In         the event any such breach of warranty can not be reasonably corrected at         Party's sole expense, Party has the right to terminate this         Agreement and receive a refund of all prepaid fees.
Party warrants that the Software and         MarketSite.net Service will perform in substantial accordance with the         Documentation, and the media on which the Software is distributed will         be free from defects in materials and workmanship under normal use, for         a period of sixty (60) days from the Effective Date, but in no event not         later than December 31, 1999 (the "Warranty Period").
Changepoint warrants that the Software will perform          in substantial accordance with the Documentation, and the media on          which the Software is distributed will be free from defects in          materials and workmanship under normal use, for a period of one hundred          twenty (120) days after delivery of the Software to Party for          Acceptance Testing (the "Warranty Period").
Party will replace          any defective media returned to Party during the Warranty Period.
Changepoint warrants that during the Warranty Period: (i) the Licensed Software will conform substantially to the description thereof in the Documentation, and (ii) the media upon which the Licensed Software and Documentation are provided will be free from defects in materials and workmanship.
The Warranty Period for the Licensed Software shall mean the period          commencing on the Effective Date and ending ninety (90) days          thereafter.
Party has the right to reject, via written notification to PartyABLISHMENT within this thirty (30) day period, any or all of a shipment of Product that fails to satisfy any warranty in this Agreement and may reject all of a given Lot of Product if a statistical sample does not meet the Specifications.
In the event that Party does not inform Bachem within the [***] period that the Product does not meet the Specifications, Party shall be deemed to have accepted the Product.
Pursuant to Exhibit E, Party shall provide the RMA and repair services to Party upon request for a minimum of [*] from the date on which Party discontinues the sale of any Product on the terms and conditions set forth therein.
Party hereby represents and warrants that for a period of [*] after the Manufacturing Date (the "Warranty Period"), a Product Party will be free from defects in manufacturing process and defects in workmanship, will conform to general expectations of performance of wireless audio products and will conform to the Statement of Work for the applicable Product.
If Party does not receive notice of any deficiencies within ten (10) business days after the completion of the acceptance period, then Party shall be deemed to have accepted the Software at that Authorized Location.
If during the acceptance period described in Section 6, the Software has failed to perform in accordance with the Specifications and Party has been unable to correct the deficiency within 45 business days of written notice being provided to Party of such failure then Party shall have the option, exercisable on 15 business days written notice to Party, in lieu of any other remedy, to reject the Software.
For the acceptance period and for a period of one year from the Maintenance Commencement Date, and thereafter for as long as the Software is covered by Party and is used by Party in accordance with this Agreement, Garman warrants that the Software shall perform in conformance with the Specifications in all material respects.
For each new Authorized Location, upon written notice by Garman of the completion of the installation of the Software as contracted for in Section 4 including training provided for in Section 5, Party shall operate and test the Software for an acceptance period of 30 business days in accordance with Party's normal operating practices.
Upon successful completion of the acceptance testing, Party shall make the final "Development License Fee" payment described in Exhibit C Party shall, within thirty (30) days after delivery of any Licensed Technology, either accept such Licensed Technology or reject such Licensed Technology because of nonconformance with the Specifications.
Party shall promptly correct any

Software License                                           Party Technologies, Party. and Maintenance Agreement       August 4, 1997                      CONFIDENTIAL

12

errors in the Licensed Technology, or failures of the Licensed Technology according to the terms of Article 6 of this Agreement. Party's warranty and error correction obligations with respect to any portion of the Licensed Technology shall extend for a period (the "Warranty period") of one year commencing on acceptance of such portion of the Licensed Technology by Party.
The acceptance specification shall be completed no later than 90 days after the effective date of this Agreement and shall be attached to this agreement as Exhibit F.
Party provided Customer with an all inclusive warranty for a period of           12 months commencing on the date of installation to include system           purchased by Customer from Party
In the event of any breach of the foregoing warranty, and provided that Party reports such breach to Party in writing within 90 days following the date of performance of the Services in question, Party shall, as its sole obligation and Party's sole and exclusive remedy, promptly repair, replace or re-perform the Services in question, without additional cost to Party, so as to correct the warranty non-compliance as promptly as practicable (within 30 days to the extent technically feasible).
The following products are eligible for return and reimbursement:   · Outdated Product: Product within two (2) months prior or six (6) months past expiration date and noted on product;   AND   · Product in its original container and bearing its original label.
Upon Manufacturer's request, Subcontractor will facilitate such Manufacturer's Products being repaired or replaced, Manufacturer must return the Manufacturer's Products to Subcontractor, transportation charges prepaid by Manufacturer, within fifteen (15) days of the end of such thirty (30) date notice period.
With respect to Qwik-Fix Pro delivered by Party to Party on CD-Rom, Party warrants that for a period of thirty (30) days following delivery to Party, the media on which Qwik-Fix Pro is furnished to Party will be free from defects in materials and workmanship during normal use.
Party warrants that (a) with regard to the           Party Software,<omitted>(ii) for a period of ninety (90)           days after delivery, the Party Software will perform in all<omitted>material respects with the specifications contained in Party's           technical literature with regard to the Party Software,<omitted>
Party hereby provides a limited product warranty, and accordingly does warrant for each Batch, that the Product shipped will (i) conform with the Specifications, (ii) be manufactured, tested, processed, packed and prepared for shipment in accordance with cGMPs, and (iii) be free from defects in material and workmanship for the period from the date of manufacture to the expiry date set out on each Unit of Product packed and prepared for shipment.
If, upon inspecting and testing the Party, Party determines that a lot of Party does not conform to the Product Specifications, then Party shall, within such thirty (30) day period, give Party written notice of such non-conformity (setting forth the details of such non-conformity):Unless Party objects, within 20 working days from the notice by Party, to the non-conformity Party will return the non-conforming Party to Party. A
In the event that the Product fails to conform to the Product Specifications, and/or GMP, Party may reject the Product by giving written notice to Party within [***] days after receipt of the Product and all documentation (except such [***] day period will not apply for any latent defect).
Party shall be deemed to have accepted such shipment of Product as Conforming Product and any shortage in quantity if it does not provide Rejection Notice within [***] after receipt of delivery describing the reasons for such rejections in reasonable detail, provided, however, that such [***] period shall not apply to any Latent Defects, in which case Party shall notify Party of any such failure as soon as reasonably possible, but in any event within [***] after the Latent Defect is confirmed by Party and prior to expiration of the shelf-life for such Product.
Distributor may return previously purchased Products for replacement by an equal or greater value of different Products, under the following conditions:

         a) Distributor may return Products only within the [*] period following [*] of each year.
The warranty period for each Product is specified in the Price List that is in effect on the date Party receives Distributor's order, and shall apply regardless of any extended warranty period which Distributor may choose to provide to its customers.
Party warrants to the end-user that each item of Software, as delivered or updated by Party and properly installed and operated on the Hardware or other equipment it is originally licensed for, will function substantially as described in its then-current user documentation during its respective warranty period.
If any item of Software fails to so perform during its warranty period, as the sole remedy Party of Party's supplier will at its discretion provide a suitable fix, patch or workaround for the problem which may be included in a future revision of the Software.
Party reserves the right to change a warranty period for a specific Product but only for orders placed after the effective date of such change, provided that the minimum warranty period for all Products is ninety days, except for those Products specifically identified in the Price List as provided " AS IS" with no warranties.
Party warrants to end-user that each item of Hardware will be free from defects in workmanship and materials for its respective warranty period which begins on the date of purchase by the end user. Should a Product fail within this warranty period, Distributor shall replace such defective Product from Distributor's inventory and accept return of the failed Product from Distributor's customer.
Should a Product fail within this warranty period, Distributor shall replace such defective Product from Distributor's inventory and accept return of the failed Product from Distributor's customer.
End-users' exclusive remedy is to receive replacement Product from reseller and Party's sole obligation and liability under this warranty is to issue an off-setting credit to reseller for Product returned by reseller on behalf of its end-user because of defects in workmanship or material.
If such error or discrepancy is not resolved within thirty (30) days after Partycensee's<omitted>written notice to Party, then Partycensee as its sole remedy may (a) extend  the correction period to a date which is agreeable to Party and Partycensee  or (b) return all copies of the Partycensed Products to Party with a  certification by an authorized representative of Partycensee that all copies  have been returned to Party or have been destroyed and that Partycensee has  not retained any copies thereof and Party shall refund to Partycensee the  amount paid by Partycensee to Party for such Partycensed Products.
For twelve (12) months after delivery of the Master Copy of each Partyed Product to Partyee, Partyor warrants that the media in which the Partyed Products are stored shall be free from defects in materials and workmanship, assuming normal use.  Partyee may return any defective media to Partyor for replacement free of charge during such twelve (12) month period.
For twelve (12) months after delivery of any Licensed Product to a Customer, whether Customer receives such Licensed Product from Licensee or a Redistributor, Licensor warrants that each Licensed Product will perform as described in the applicable Documentation.  If Licensee or any Redistributor or Customer discovers any errors or discrepancies in the Licensed Products from the Documentation during the twelve (12) month warranty period, Licensee shall notify Licensor promptly in writing of such error or discrepancy in sufficient detail to enable Licensor to recreate the error or discrepancy.  If the error or discrepancy is found by Licensee prior to the expiration of the ten (10) day evaluation period set forth in Section 4.2, such evaluation period shall be extended ten (10) days from the date of receipt by Licensee of the corrected Licensed Product from Licensor.
If Licensee or any Redistributor or Customer discovers any error in any Licensed Product or discrepancy in any Licensed Product from the Documentation that results in a material loss of performance in the Licensed Product within the twelve (12) month warranty period, then Licensor shall provide Licensee with the correction or method of resolving such error or discrepancy provided that Licensor shall not be responsible for any error or discrepancy caused by failure to use the Licensed Products as specified in the Documentation or any modifications made to any Licensed Product by or on behalf of a party other than Licensor.
Licensee  shall pay for all services rendered by Licensor in connection with the  Licensed Products or Documentation that are not covered or at that time are  no longer covered by the warranty described in this Agreement.
Licensee shall accept or reject the Licensed Products or Documentation within a ten (10) day evaluation period after receipt of such Licensed Product and the related Documentation by Licensee.
